1: norwood
If you're glancing at the first few pages of this book trying to decide if this story is worth reading then screw you. I don't know how to grab your attention. I'm not a writer. I'm just someone who's trying to tell you a bunch of stuff that happened. 
I know nobody reads anymore. Nobody even knows how to read anymore. If you're reading this consider yourself on the smart side of the bell curve. But if it helps to hold your attention I'll give you a hint right now about what's gonna happen. Me and my friends are gonna be attacked by hordes of postapocalyptic gangsters. There you go. Foreshadowing.
I was sitting at my desk typing on my computer at the Firebird factory in Norwood Ohio. I was working on my manifesto.
Why does everyone assume it's something bad just cuz I call it a "manifesto"? It's not bad at all. It's my definition of what's good! It's the ten foundations of all of my beliefs about life and existence. I've proven myself to be a lot better at living and existing than most people are. Maybe you should consider reading my manifesto instead of making fun of it.
You might think my job is cushy cuz I get to sit around all day and write manifestoes. But trust me it ain't cushy. My job is to come up with all the ideas and spend all the money and take all the risks. My employees just have to show up and build cars.
It was Christmas Eve. Yeah it was snowing but who cares if the snow was twinkling or not. Sorry but Christmas is a weird time for me because my entire family was killed on Christmas. 
We are all children until the day our parents die. I had to grow up real fast at the age of nine. The whole world blew up. No one has all the details but whatever it was it eliminated 95% of life on earth.
I'm over it now. It was a long time ago. The "Big Bang" as I like to call it was way back in 1981 and I eventually killed the bloke who might have started it all. If you're thinking about killing my family and blowing up the world then you'd better think twice.
That stuff is all in another book called Heads Will Rock: A chronicle of postapocalyptic mayhem. I know it sounds exciting but if you ain't read it yet don't bother. It's really just a marketing brochure for the cars we were selling. This little book you got in your hands right now is the only book that matters.
Like I said I was at work at the Firebird factory. We'd reopened the old General Motors assembly plant in Norwood Ohio and we were building the first new cars the world had seen since the apocalypse. Big Bang. Whatever you call it.
I ran the place. Nobody gave me that job. But no one else was doing it so I took it.
The first cars we made were just piles of old spare Firebird parts. But once people started buying our cars we had money to spend on new parts. Soon the supply chains came back to life and the world was once again casting blocks and stamping steel and molding plastic and engineering new rubber compounds. We improved the design of our car over time and the latest version is called the Phoenix Zero. It comes out of the factory with shiny paint and new car smell and it will do a couple hundred thousand kilometers at least. And yeah it's as fast as it looks.
People ask me how we did it and they never believe me when I say I don't know. I only know the things that I did myself. The larger processes involved are things like supply and demand. Price and value and cost. Division of labor and specialization and mass production. Resources plus skills times tools. 
The most important ingredient is innovation. Ideas. Oh yeah and don't forget about the importance of the willingness to take risks. Everyone's got ideas. How many of those people ever see them through?
Economics is not something that anyone can plan from above. It has to grow from below. You get the soil right and you stand back and watch the trees grow. Laissez faire. That means Let It Be. Like the Beatles said. And before you start your Revolution you'd better be darn sure you're not just gonna end up making everything worse. Like the Beatles said.
You should seriously listen to those lyrics sometime. Them Beatles weren't no commies. And don't even get them started on taxes.
If you think I'm going off on an unrelated tangent then clearly you've read my books before. But not this time loyal reader. Cuz stupid attempted revolutions is exactly what we were dealing with at the Norwood Ohio Phoenix Zero car factory on Christmas Eve.
It was now a few decades after the Big Bang and there were only two warring revolutionary hordes left. There were the fascists who called themselves the Hellies and there were the commies who called themselves the Gillies. They hated each other and they hated us. We'd taken to calling ourselves the Wheelies. We didn't hate anyone. We just wanted to build cool cars.
They attacked us every chance they got. We never attacked them. Well maybe we'd attack them with our words sometimes. Sometimes they'd demand that we take a side on some issue. Silence is violence they'd say. Then after they heard our side they'd tell us that words are violence too.
They all thought they were saving the world and so did we. I'll leave it to you to figure out which one of us was right. But don't decide until you get to the end of this book cuz that's kind of what it's about.
Really what they wanted was to take our car factory. First they laugh at your idea. Then they ignore it. Then they take it for granted. Then they declare it a human right and accuse you of exploitation because you don't give it away for free.
Oh yeah I'm supposed to be talking about Christmas Eve at the factory. I was interviewing a bloke named Greg for a mechanic position. The hordes of Hellies and Gillies hadn't attacked us yet. I'm getting there.
"Can you fly a helicopter?" I asked Greg.
"Sure" Greg said. "I'm a Helly."
I looked up at him. Oh yeah I forgot to mention he was chewing gum. It was kinda rude but a lot of kids did it these days. And his name was funny. Greg Gory.
Greg stopped chewing for a second. "I mean I used to be a Helly" he clarified.
"Be whatever you want" I said. "Just do not be it at work. No party colors. No reds. No blues."
He got back to chewing like his life depended on it. "Not even blue jeans?"
"If you wanna wear a color a lot of us wear yellow."
"That sounds like a party color."
"Our party's platform consists of the belief that parties should not exist. Come take a look at our helicopter." I brought him outside.
"Why do you need a mechanic that can fly a helicopter?"
"We need a mechanic because we build cars. We need a pilot because people try to stop us from building cars."
"What happened to your last pilot?"
Now he hit a nerve. I'd considered her a friend. Maybe more than a friend but probably not in the way that you're thinking.
"Kidnapped maybe."
"What makes you think so?"
"One day she just didn't show up."
"How long has it been?"
"Two years."
"The Hellies and Gillies haven't attacked your factory since?"
"No one knows we lost our pilot. And we have a tank. But it's in the shop."
We reached the helicopter. He burst out laughing. "You want me to fly that?"
"Yeah. Why not?"
"That's not just a helicopter. It's the last of the ACH-47A Chinooks. Nicknamed Easy Money. Each of those tandem rotors is 60 feet across. These were known as 'Guns-A-Go-Go' cuz they were loaded with everything. Fifty caliber machine guns. Rockets. Grenade launchers. It's armored too. It weighed 12 tons before they put the armor on. God knows what it weighs now. It'll take a crew of four and 55 of their closest friends out for ice cream. I can't fly that thing. I'd love to meet the woman who could. What was her name?"
"Dorktown."
He giggled again. I had no idea I could be so entertaining.
"That's only the second time I've ever heard that name" he said.
"I gave her that name."
"Dorktown? Like the gum?" he asked.
I had no idea what he was talking about and I guess it showed on my face. He reached into a pocket and tossed me a piece of gum.
"GUMTREEGUM" the package read. "SHAMELESSLY MADE IN DORKTOWNTOWN AUSTRALIA."
I unwrapped the gum and put it into my mouth. Then I stared at the wrapper some more.
As he headed back into town Greg said "Maybe I'll see you at the New Year's Eve Party."

I sent my employees home early for the holidays. They weren't due back until the new year. But I was in the mood to work so I stuck around the factory. I played that Beatles song Revolution on the intercom. I stayed up all night. By morning I'd assembled an entire car myself.
And I wasn't done. I kept going. I built three cars on Christmas Day. I didn't mind. I had nowhere else to be and nothing else to do. Well my factory manager Laura had invited me over to watch her kid open presents but how exciting could that possibly be.
I didn't sleep. I don't even think I ate. In fact I know I didn't eat because I know I didn't take that gum out of my mouth the whole time. I was a machine. On the day after Christmas I built five cars. I know it sounds unpleasant but you really need to understand that I never felt so good in my entire life. I was at peace. The best word to describe what I felt was... satisfaction.
On the fourth day the gum tasted absolutely disgusting so I threw it away. This is where it got weird.
I don't think a minute passed before I was desperately digging through that rubbish bin to get that piece of gum back. I didn't just want the gum back. I wanted the feeling back.
I chewed as hard as I could but that feeling would not come back. What I felt now was the opposite of satisfaction. It wasn't just a craving. It was the absolute certainty that if I couldn't find another piece of that gum I would have to bring about my own death as soon as possible.
How could I find another piece? Greg said he'd be at the New Year's Eve party. But that was four days away. By then I'll have beheaded myself by sticking my head out of my car's sunroof and smashing it into a wall.
I started making plans to do exactly that but then I couldn't move or at least I couldn't control how I was moving. I was on the floor and my body was trying to puke and I blacked out for a while.
I guess I woke up long enough to get a few sips of water because when New Year's Eve arrived I was still alive. It was days later and I was still lying on that floor and squirming around.
I managed to get myself into my car and drive down to the New Year's Eve party at the Quatman. The Quatman is the local bar. I dunno why it's called that.
I stumbled out of my car and crawled into the place. People were dancing and it sounded like they were playing Helter Skelter by the Beatles but that's not really a dance song so maybe that's just what I was hearing in my head. I didn't care what I looked like or what was going on. All I cared about was finding Greg and getting another piece of that gum.
The Hellies wore blue so I crawled along the floor following the path of blue pantlegs to a corner where all the Hellies were sitting. I couldn't really hear very well but I could see that Greg Gory was sitting there laughing at me and chewing gum. Someone wearing blue from head to toe handed him a huge box of coins. I dunno what it's like where you live but here all the cash was burned up so we only used coins for money now.
I didn't care about the money. I didn't care about why Greg was laughing at me. I just begged for the one thing I did care about.
"Gumtreegum" I said. "Do you have another piece?"
"I only have enough for me. This stuff is hard to find in the states. And if you have a second piece the only way to kick the habit will be to kick the habit of life."
"Please."
He took the piece of gum out of his mouth and dangled it in front of me. I tried to reach for it. "Get up off the floor" he said.
I struggled but I managed to get up and sit beside him. I was dizzy and my eyes were rolling back into my head. But I was technically seated.
"Some of my friends are gonna go check out your factory. We had no idea that your helicopter and tank weren't a threat anymore."

When I finally came to my senses the Quatman was empty. Someone was sweeping the floor. The sun was coming up. I felt a little better. 
I went out to my car. Every piece that could be removed from it had been removed. The car had no wheels, no doors, no bonnet, no seats, no windows. That's ok I can make a new one. If I still have a factory.
I walked back and discovered that I no longer had a factory. The buildings and assembly lines and warehouses were all razed. I had no stock and no supplies to build any stock. The only things left were the indestructible helicopter no one knew how to fly and the indestructible tank that wasn't running.
You might not care that some capitalist lost his factory but I had a hundred employees that were now out of jobs too. And a hundred suppliers from all over the country. And each of those suppliers had a hundred employees.
We could restock and rebuild but we'd have to do it fast before everyones' cash reserves ran out. I reckoned my suppliers and I could meet our payroll for about a month before we'd all have to close up shop. But I needed my pilot back.
