Bruce and Debby should exchanges Sydney bird whistles. Zed should steal the whistle and use it to get let in.

BRUCE
If it weren't for you, I'd tear this whole bloody world to the ground.

set up an arc, where debby plays the music box and leaves off 3 notes, then 2, then max leave off 1, then emil finally plays it all the way through

ZED
She's really toey. Now she's up the duff. You reckon the baby feels it when he roots her?

NEIL
Shut your gob. Bruce is coming.

BB argues with him and  PG tells ZED he's fired and to fuck off. ZED starts to give them trouble but BB goes after him and he runs away "He said fuck off." 

(7SP OFFICE, night)

PG dumps petrol (water) from a jerry can all over the 7SP office. We cut to PG's face. He lights a match and tosses it. His face suddenly becomes lit by a flickering orange light.

------ SCENE 6 ------ 

(COMPOUND, night)

PG, BB, and employees are working on building the compound up. They've clearly made a lot of progress and it's almost ready to go. BB asks PG if he can send for DEBBY now. "She'll have to make herself useful. If she can't help us build, she'll have to be a... natural resource. She's like the oil. She doesn't belong to you. She belongs to everyone." BB tries to attack PG but his minions stop him. They throw BB out of the compound. BB leaves in anger. Needs a way to get back to HOUSE. Imply or show that he steals PG's car.

------ SCENE 7 ------ 

(HOUSE EXTERIOR, night)

Establishing shot, no actors.

(HOUSE INTERIOR, night)

Mirror of the first scene. DEBBY playing the music box on her tummy again. 

RADIO: Police suspect the killer strangles his victims, as no murder weapon has been found. The killer steals a trinket from each of his victims to keep as a souvenir.... Stage three of the national emergency is effective immediately. Citizens are warned (Radio cuts off.) 

DEBBY doesn't make it to the last two notes (mad max doesn't make it to the last note, finally, feral kid makes it to last note, years later), so things feel uncomfortable and incomplete. Sound of a door opening. "Brucie?" "Honey I'm home." radio plays explaining the Tynong murderer's MO as the camera shows that's what happened to Debby. Some kind of murder scene that doesn't show too much. ZED (not sure if we wanna show his face or have it be implied, do both takes) reaches down, sets down a bloody knife (does he use a knife? why does he set it down?), and takes the music box out of DEBBY's dead hand. DEBBY's hand has the imprint of the music box in bruises and blood in her hand, from squeezing it so tightly (use red pen and fake blood). The camera sees some skin but nothing too racy or gory. We hear ZED walk away and out the broken door. Camera holds on doorway after ZED leaves. It stays there for a while. Long enough for ZED to vanish, and long enough for BB to get home, come into the doorway, and see his wife dead. Hat needs to be knocked off somehow, revealing his mohawk. Implied: BB has to cut baby Steven out of his dead pregnant wife's body (does he use ZED's knife, or does he find one from the kitchen?).

------ SCENE 8 ------ 

(7SP OFFICE, night)

Camera closeup of PG's burning employee list. Similar shot to the one earlier, when it had a closeup of PG's pen. Moving downward, it indicates BB's name: Bruce Barbagallo. Address: BB's address. Notes: Hometown Werrington NSW--nickname "Wez". Screeching violin plays, repeating the motif from the beginning of the film.

------ SCENE 9 (optional) ------ 

(MUNDI MUNDI, sunset)

As the ending credits roll, and after the credits are done, grown FERAL KID, in nicer (but still post-apocalyptic) clothing, with music box in hand, visit the sweeping vista of Mundi Mundi Lookout. He turns the crank and plays the song, either alone, or against the belly of his wife. This time, we hear the last note of Happy Birthday.

THE END

------
SETS
------

(Optional) OIL DONKEY: Pumpjack in action (https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Eromanga,_Queensland)

HOUSE EXTERIOR: BB and DEBBY's house, exterior (Rented house: https://secure.booking.com/myreservations.html?label=gen173nr-1DCAEoggI46AdIM1gEaA-IAQGYATG4AQfIAQ_YAQPoAQH4AQOIAgGoAgO4AuHOvI0GwAIB0gIkNzMxZWM5MzQtN2MxZS00MzQ4LTk3OWMtMzViNjA0MzcwMDcy2AIE4AIB;sid=e1c428f27abd73f517304aeddb45dc94;auth_key=H8S2WzbdLPsDFkCo&;label=from_conf_1)

HOUSE INTERIOR: BB and DEBBY's house, interior (Rented house)

7SP OFFICE EXTERIOR: Field office, exterior (Hostel)

7SP OFFICE INTERIOR: Field office, PG's office (Hostel?--but there might not be a suitable room. possibly could use the corner of the large room with window.)

BUS: MM2 well/refinery/compound (Camel farm)--simulate bus movement by actor/camera shaking, moving lights, added sounds

COMPOUND: MM2 well/refinery/compound (Camel farm)

(Optional) MUNDI MUNDI: Ending credits

------
ACTORS
------

PG (Leo): Papagallo. Business suit from 1981. Optional MM2 wasteland outfit also. CEO of 7SP.

ZED (?): BB's creepy coworker. Inadequate, insecure, ineffectual, inferior, but angry. 7SP employee. Tattered denim work vest with 7SP patch, and a somewhat ominous message painted on the back: "I DON'T LIKE MONDAYS EITHER." Same hat as BB (which makes BB's hat appear less signficant). Try to get Ken May or Bill Williams or John Devilman.

NEIL (?): Always in wheelchair. BB's coworker. The mechanic with bad legs from MM2. 7SP employee. Tattered white denim work vest with 7SP patch, yellow shirt, blue bandana. Similar to his outfit in MM2. Same hat as BB (which makes BB's hat appear less signficant).

EXTRAS (?): Employees of 7SP. Mechanics, office workers, engineers, with outfits from dystopian pre-apocalyptic 1981. Some can be wearing the spare 7SP vests we'll have with us, or other spare wasteland gear we bring.

RADIO (?): Radio newscaster, audio only.

FK (optional, Emil): Feral kid, all grown up.

------
PROPS
------
Put oil stains on vests and shirts
Put oil stains on sheet from sleeping on it in work clothes
Compose and print PG's "typed" (printed in monospace font) employees list with notes
Weather and graffiti 7SP sign
Lots of Egg McMuffins--to eat for real, and to eat in the scene
(bid placed) White long sleeve casual shirt for Zed
(shipping, kelli has earrings) 5 girly trinkets, like lockets, jewelry, toys, buttons, barettes, earrings
(shipping) Aqua bandana for Zed
(shipping) Neon yellow poster paper
(shipping) 7SP patches on vests
(shipping) PG's book collection
(Linda) Old metal jerry can of "petrol" (water)
(Steve) Old maps
(Steve) Leather g-banger for Bruce
(Leo) Fake blood
(Leo) 70s/80s business suit
(Leo) Briefcase
(Kelli) Knives
(Kelli) Red pen for imprint of music box in DEBBY's hand 
(Kelli) PG's pen
(Kelli) Happy birthday music box
(Kelli) Wooden matches
(acquired) Bruce's duffel bag, Empress of Australia
(acquired) Black paint to make everyone's hands look greasy
(acquired) Hammer for Debby to use, also bring other tools
(acquired) Orange blanket + yellow paper reflector
(acquired) Bed sheet
(acquired) Denim vests for mechanics
(acquired) Framed wall poster of oil derricks
(acquired) Blue bandana for Neil
(acquired) 7SP sign 600mm x 400mm https://www.vistaprint.com.au/signs-posters/metal-signs
(acquired) Hats for mechanics
(acquired) BB's book collection
(acquired) Yellow shirt for Neil
(acquired) Old radio
(acquired) Wheelchair
(acquired) Bright light, battery, charger, car power cord, for reflecting light off orange blanket to make "flames"
(acquired) "Wood" desk (vinyl wrap on whatever desk is available)
(acquired) ANTHONY PAPPAGALLO, CEO 7 SISTERS PETROLEUM plaque
(acquired) 70s desk lamp
(acquired) 70s desk trinkets
(acquired) Random bandanas for random needs, back of Steve's hair, Debby's hair
(acquired) Black gaffer tape for random practical needs and prop and outfit needs
(acquired) Adhesive double-sided tape for mounting sign and posters
(acquired) Goo Gone to remove adhesive signs
Fire extinguisher

------
SHOOTING SCHEDULE
------

Wednesday: BB/DEBBY/PG stuff (try to get NEIL, ZED)
Thursday:  BB/DEBBY/PG stuff (try to get NEIL, ZED)
Friday:    NEIL, ZED. Scenes involving extras.
Saturday:  NEIL, ZED. Scenes involving extras.
Sunday:    NEIL, ZED. Scenes involving extras.

------
ORIGINAL MAD MAX 2 SCRIPT INTRO https://imsdb.com/scripts/Mad-Max-2-The-Road-Warrior.html
------

         Ih. A LINE OF CARS... lh.
          stretches for blocks until it finally reaches
          a gas station.
          An attendant pulls down a sign which reads:
                         $7/GALLON
          and replaces it with another sign:
          AUTHORISED VEHICLES ONLY
          A group of angry motorists gather around, yelling
          and pushing.
          The attendant produces a gun motioning them back...
                         NARRATOR
          for without fuel they were
          nothing. They had built a
          house of straw...
          ii. BUSINESSMEN AT A STOCK EXCHANGE... li.
          are yelling and shoving.
                         BUSINESSMEN
          Sell! Sell! Sell!
          Torn up scrip litters the floor...
          Ij. THE FOYER OF A HUGE CORPORATION lj.
          The company's crest is chiselled on the wall. it
          is accompanied by the words:
          SEVEN SISTERS PETROLEUM
          "Fuelling The World"
          on the floor below, beyond the marble pillars, we see
          the building is abandoned - littered with broken
          furniture and piles of documents.
           DISSOLVE. 4            
          lk. A CORRIDOR. 1k.
          We pass through a door designated:
          CHIEF EXECUTIVE
          At the other end of the imposing room we see a
          businessman clearing out his vast desk. His name is
          PAPPAGALLO. On the wall behind him we see photo-
          graphs and paintings of oil wells and refineries.
          PAPPAGALLO takes a wad of maps and puts them in his
          briefcase, followed by a copy of 'Whole Earth
          Catalogue" and another book. The cover reads:
          TEACH YOURSELF SOLAR ENERGY
          I.l. LIVING ROOM. ii.
          An ANXIOUS FAMILY is gathered in front of a
          television set. A politican addresses the nation.
                         POLITICIAN
          Stage three of the national
          emergency is effective
          immediately. Citizens are
          warned...
          The speech is cut short as static fills the screen.
          The family looks up at the lights as they flicker...
          Im. IN A FACTORY... lm.
          .a giant machine grinds to a halt.
          In. IN A CITY STREET... In.
          .anxious faces look up as the street lights
          flick off.


