------
"1981"
------

SCENE 1 (optional)

(OUTBACK, midday)

"Oil donkey" (pumpjack) pumping. Credits. The title "1981" appears in white lettering taking up most of the frame. A few notes of screeching violin plays. These are the same notes we will hear at the end.

SCENE 2

(HOUSE, morning)

Maybe Bruce starts out a pacifist--this will be more dramatic of a change. Closeup of music box on a table. DEBBY picks it up and places it against her pregnant belly. Cut to camera pointing up at music box on her belly as she sits propped up in bed, her face in the background, out of focus. DEBBY is turning the crank of the music box, slowly playing Happy Birthday. A radio newscast and snoring partner beside her can be heard faintly in the background, vaguely reminscent of Simon & Garfunkel's Silent Night, bad news amongst pretty music. Happy Birthday comes to its final notes (maybe leave out the last note to leave things feeling uncomfortable and incomplete). She sets the music box down and gets up and leaves the room. We now see her sleeping partner, still in the bed. 

(HOUSE, morning)

In the kitchen, the radio can be heard more clearly as well as a sizzling frying pan. DEBBY is preparing breakfast. The radio tells us that NYC has just reported another explosion--a FALN bomb is suspected, chilean libertadores, everything listed at the beginning of A-N-D, Government instability, viruses, overpopulation, and scientists say we could be headed for a new Ice Age. Unemployment is at 50%, inflation has finally settled down(!) to 40%. Violent crime is skyrocketing. The Tynong North and Frankston murders remain unsolved after 3 more women's bodies were found last month. Oil prices have increased by 1000% and prime minister Malcolm Fraser has announced that oil companies will be "temporarily" nationalised. "Stage three of the national emergency is effective immediately. Citizens are warned...." DEBBY turns off the radio and brings a bacon egg roll to her sleeping partner BB. BB slept in his work clothes. His nametag patch reads Bruce. DEBBY comes in and speaks to him in a sweet, low voice. "Time to get up Brucie." Closeup shot of her whispering in his ear. Get mic close to DEBBY's mouth so it sounds the way it would sound to BB. "Worked late again? Slept in your clothes?" she asks. "There's oil all over the sheets." BB says yeah PG has been working them to death. PG has been preparing for something big but he won't say what it is. BB succinctly makes it clear he doesn't like PG and doesn't like that PG gets to be in a position where he can extract the excess value of BB's labour. DEBBY hands him 3 sandwiches wrapped in yesterday's newspaper (and add more elements like that, that make it clear that times are tough). BB kisses her goodbye and kisses her pregnant belly. BB says "If it weren't for you, I'd tear down this whole goddamn world." DEBBY returns to bedroom to find a human-shaped oil stain on the sheets. BB does not have a car, has to walk to work.

SCENE 3

(7SP OFFICE, morning)

BB arrives at work. He joins up with NEIL and ZED, also arriving at work, dressed similarly. They have to accommodate NEIL's wheelchair(?). ZED is doing something with a knife (shaving, throwing it) and his vest says "I DON'T LIKE MONDAYS EITHER" on the back. He asks if they've heard the rumour. Rumour is that some of them are being offered a special job. Then ZED says something creepy and suggestive about BB's wife, about how they were dating once, he still loves her and she was meant for him. Says she's "really toey." Makes some joke about having sex with a pregnant lady means you're kind of having sex with the baby too. BB lunges for him. NEIL grabs his arm, very strongly and tightly. But BB is strong too, and still tugging, and the camera looks at the wheels of the wheelchair and we see the chair slide sideways a bit. NEIL says "leave him be, he's so dumb he doesn't even understand the words that come out of his own mouth. they went on one date back in school. he's all talk. he's a virgin. his mother won't even kiss him. and she'd never go for him. no one would. he'd never try anything. especially not with you around."

(7SP OFFICE, morning)

Inside PG's office with nameplate on desk. PG is also listening to the radio, which is now going deeper into the subject of oil nationalisation. PG is going through a list of employees, Closeup of his pen circling some names and crossing out others. PG notices BB has arrived at work and goes out to talk to him while he works on repairing a vehicle. 

(7SP OFFICE, morning)

PG explains he's shutting down the company. "I'm gonna burn it all down so there's nothing for them to seize. All of it but one well we're gonna turn into a refinery, so we can produce petrol right on site and use it to barter with." PG invites Bruce to come to compound. Puffs him up with compliments about how he's the best mechanic I've got. BB says no he's not. NEIL is. Why not take NEIL? PG says something rude about how they can't have a cripple there slowing everything down, and "he'd need a better way to get around than that" (foreshadowing the rig he has in MM2). BB asks if DEBBY goes too. PG says BB can't take DEBBY along yet. Can't have dead weight mulling about, getting in the way. Once the compound is built he can send for her. 4 weeks. 6 at the most. It seems quite possible PG is just saying this to trick BB into coming and leaving DEBBY behind. BB says nationalisation isn't a bad thing. He gives some examples of South American "successes." "They're not gonna fire us, they're just gonna take some of the profits out of YOUR wallet. But that oil doesn't belong to you. It belongs to the people of Australia. It belongs to the whole world. It belongs to everyone BUT you." PG insults BB and his wife and friends and says "the vermin have inherited the earth. the world is going to the dogs. You wanna run with the dogs? what do you want to do, stay here and hang out with those punks? those hoodlums? runaways? misfits? gangsters? come with me. we'll live like kings. and I know you need the money. I can give you your last paycheck if you like. but you and I both know that cash isn't worth anything at this point. A better life awaits us out in the desert." PG harangues BB to join him, until BB punches him, shot just like MM2 scene with Max at 0:59. PG goes over to invite ZED to join him instead.

SCENE 4

(HOUSE, midday)

BB goes home and tells DEBBY what's going on. She asks how long he would have to be gone for. 4-6 weeks. Give DEBBY some very intelligent lines, so she's not seen as just a birthing vessel. They should argue. She could even say "I'm not just a bloody birthing vessel". DEBBY is worried about their future and tells him to go back and accept the offer. She says she's been alone before and she can do it again. Baby's not due for another 8 weeks. BB packs up his stuff, including 3 books: Art of War, Kapital, How to Win Friends and Influence People.

SCENE 5

(7SP OFFICE, midday)

PG (alone) clearing out his desk, puts 3 books into his briefcase: Whole Earth Catalog, Solar Energy, Socialism. PG takes a wad of maps and puts them in his briefcase, followed by a copy of Whole Earth Catalog and another book. On the wall behind him we see photographs and paintings of oil wells and refineries. BB returns and accepts PG's offer. PG casually tells ZED he's fired and to fuck off. ZED starts to give them trouble but BB goes after him and he runs away "He said fuck off." Need to express that ZED is very mad at hurt and somehow makes it clear he wants revenge at this point, and/or give him more motivation based on additional story events. It might be enough that we've mentioned there's a serial killer on the loose.

(7SP OFFICE, night)

PG dumps petrol (water) from a jerry can all over the 7SP office. We cut to PG's face. He lights a match and tosses it. His face suddenly becomes lit by a flickering orange light.

SCENE 6

(COMPOUND, night)

PG, BB, and employees are working on building the compound up. They've clearly made a lot of progress and it's almost ready to go. BB asks PG if he can send for DEBBY now. PG says "You can send for her, but if she doesn't have any skills, she'll have to be... community property." CURMUDGEON interjects, explaining: "Breeding stock." (If we have anyone dressed as CURMUDGEON, they can have that line). BB tries to attack PG but his minions stop him. They throw BB out of the compound. BB leaves in anger. Needs a way to get back to HOUSE. Imply or show that he steals PG's car.

SCENE 7

(HOUSE, night)

DEBBY playing the music box on her tummy again. Radio playing another newscast mentioning the Tynong North and Frankston murders, "The killer keeps a trinket he steals from each of his victims as a souvenir of his heinous acts." Sound of a door opening. "Brucie?" Some kind of murder scene that doesn't show too much. ZED (not sure if we wanna show his face or have it be implied, do both takes) reaches down, sets down a bloody knife (does he use a knife? why does he set it down?), and takes the music box out of DEBBY's dead hand. DEBBY's hand has the imprint of the music box in bruises and blood in her hand, from squeezing it so tightly (use red pen and fake blood). The camera sees some skin but nothing too racy or gory. We hear ZED walk away and out the broken door. Camera holds on doorway after ZED leaves. It stays there for a while. Long enough for ZED to vanish, and long enough for BB to get home, come into the doorway, and see his wife dead. Takes off hat, reveals mohawk. Implied: BB has to cut baby Steven out of his dead pregnant wife's body (does he use ZED's knife, or does he find one from the kitchen?).

SCENE 8

(7SP OFFICE, night)

Camera closeup of PG's burning employee list. Camera continues the downward motion it was making earlier, when it had a closeup of PG's pen. Moving downward, it indicates BB's name: Bruce Barbagallo. BB's address: Broken Hill NSW Notes: Hometown is Werrington NSW, nickname "Wez". Screeching violin plays, repeating the motif from the beginning of the film.

SCENE 9 (optional)

(MUNDI MUNDI)

As the ending credits roll, and after the credits are done, grown FERAL KID, in nicer (but still post-apocalyptic) clothing, with music box in hand, visits Mundi Mundi. He turns the crank and plays the song.
----










































----
LOCATIONS

Broken Hill and Silverton NSW Australia, 1981
----
SETS

HOUSE: BB and DEBBY's house (Rented house in Broken Hill)

7SP OFFICE: Silverton field office (Silverton Hostel)

COMPOUND: MM2 well/refinery/compound (Camel Farm)

(Optional) OIL DONKEY: Beginning credits

(Optional) MUNDI MUNDI: Ending credits
----
ACTORS AND OUTFITS

BB (Steve): Bruce Barbagallo. Red mohawk but his hair is covered in a hat at all times, until the end. Tattered and modified denim "work" vest with 7SP patch, which BB has heavily personalised to make it more punk. Above the 7SP patch he's painted "I DRINK [7 SISTERS PETROLEUM]". Works as mechanic for 7SP.

ZED (?): BB's creepy crazy coworker. Inadequate, insecure, ineffectual, inferior. 7SP employee. Tattered denim work vest with 7SP patch, with creepy message painted on the back.

NEIL (?): BB's coworker in a wheelchair, the mechanic with bad legs from MM2. 7SP employee. Tattered denim work vest with 7SP patch, that otherwise looks as much as possible like the one in MM2.

PG (Leo): Papagallo. Business suit from 1981. MM2 wasteland outfit. CEO of 7SP.

DEBBY (Kelli): Pregnant punk-rock wife of BB. Long brassy blonde hair.

EXTRAS: Employees of 7SP. Mechanics, office workers, engineers.

NEWSCASTER (?): Radio newscaster, audio only.

CURMUDGEON (optional, ?): The military CURMUDGEON, who chimes in with annoying comments when PG argues with BB.

FK (optional, Emil): Feral kid, all grown up.
----
PROPS

PG's "typed" out employees list with notes
sheet (acquired) with human-shaped oil stain (TODO) from sleeping on it in work clothes
Denim vests for mechanics (acquired) Bruce, ZED and NEIL nametag patches, 7SP patches (TODO)
Blue bandana for Neil
(in progress) 7SP sign 600mm x 400mm https://www.vistaprint.com.au/signs-posters/metal-signs
(in progress) hats for mechanics
(in progress) orange blanket reflector
(in progress) wooden desk
(in progress) whole earth catalog, Solar Energy, socialism, Atlas Shrugged, art of war, How to Win Friends, kapital
(in progress) Photo of oil derricks
(Steve) Old maps
(Linda) Old metal jerry can of "petrol" (water)
(Leo) Fake blood
(Leo) business suit
(Leo) briefcase
(Leo) Military helmet for Curmudgeon
(Kelli) Knife
(Kelli) red pen for imprint of music box in DEBBY's hand 
(Kelli) PG's pen
(Kelli) happy birthday music box
(Kelli) Wooden matches
(acquired) yellow shirt for Neil
(acquired) adhesive double-sided tape for mounting sign and posters
(acquired) old radio
(acquired) ANTHONY PAPPAGALLO, CEO 7 SISTERS PETROLEUM plaque
(acquired) Wheelchair
(acquired) Bright light, battery, car power cord, for reflecting light off orange blanket 
(somebody will have one, right?) Fire extinguisher
----
SHOOTING SCHEDULE

Wednesday: Steve/Kelli/Leo stuff (try to get NEIL, ZED, CURMUDGEON, to come early, too)
Thursday:  Steve/Kelli/Leo stuff (try to get NEIL, ZED, CURMUDGEON, to come early, too)
Friday:    NEIL, ZED, CURMUDGEON parts if we haven't gotten them already. Extras stuff, Pinnacles and Mundi Mundi.
Saturday:  NEIL, ZED, CURMUDGEON parts if we haven't gotten them already. Extras stuff, Broken Hill.
Sunday:    NEIL, ZED, CURMUDGEON parts if we haven't gotten them already. Extras stuff, Mad Max II competition and screening.
----
ORIGINAL MAD MAX 2 SCRIPT INTRO NOT USED IN FINAL CUT OF MAD MAX 2 https://imsdb.com/scripts/Mad-Max-2-The-Road-Warrior.html

         Ih. A LINE OF CARS... lh.
          stretches for blocks until it finally reaches
          a gas station.
          An attendant pulls down a sign which reads:
                         $7/GALLON
          and replaces it with another sign:
          AUTHORISED VEHICLES ONLY
          A group of angry motorists gather around, yelling
          and pushing.
          The attendant produces a gun motioning them back...
                         NARRATOR
          for without fuel they were
          nothing. They had built a
          house of straw...
          ii. BUSINESSMEN AT A STOCK EXCHANGE... li.
          are yelling and shoving.
                         BUSINESSMEN
          Sell! Sell! Sell!
          Torn up scrip litters the floor...
          Ij. THE FOYER OF A HUGE CORPORATION lj.
          The company's crest is chiselled on the wall. it
          is accompanied by the words:
          SEVEN SISTERS PETROLEUM
          "Fuelling The World"
          on the floor below, beyond the marble pillars, we see
          the building is abandoned - littered with broken
          furniture and piles of documents.
           DISSOLVE. 4            
          lk. A CORRIDOR. 1k.
          We pass through a door designated:
          CHIEF EXECUTIVE
          At the other end of the imposing room we see a
          businessman clearing out his vast desk. His name is
          PAPPAGALLO. On the wall behind him we see photo-
          graphs and paintings of oil wells and refineries.
          PAPPAGALLO takes a wad of maps and puts them in his
          briefcase, followed by a copy of 'Whole Earth
          Catalogue" and another book. The cover reads:
          TEACH YOURSELF SOLAR ENERGY
          I.l. LIVING ROOM. ii.
          An ANXIOUS FAMILY is gathered in front of a
          television set. A politican addresses the nation.
                         POLITICIAN
          Stage three of the national
          emergency is effective
          immediately. Citizens are
          warned...
          The speech is cut short as static fills the screen.
          The family looks up at the lights as they flicker...
          Im. IN A FACTORY... lm.
          .a giant machine grinds to a halt.
          In. IN A CITY STREET... In.
          .anxious faces look up as the street lights
          flick off.
----