TIMELINE

1961: Debby is born.

1964: Bruce (AKA Brutus Guerrero, AKA Mohawk Asshole) is born in Chile to members of the Chilean "Libertadores," a group of Marxist Allende supporters.
 
19720801: Firebird is born in New Jersey. 

19760704: Bruce's parents are disappeared by Pinochet and Pinochet's "DINA" (Dirección de Inteligencia Nacional). Bruce's family are among the "desaparecidos" (disappeared). Bruce's relatives relocate Bruce to Werrington ("Wez"), Sydney, NSW Australia and give him a new Aussie-sounding name, Bruce Barbagallo. 

1979: Whether Mad Max 1 is fictional or nonfictional is where the timelines split. We now have 2 timelines, Tomorrowland and Epoxyclypse. In the Tomorrowland timeline, all of the following is fiction. In the Epoxyclypse timeline, all of the following is nonfiction. It may, or may not, be possible for some people to bounce between different versions of themselves in these alternate timelines. When this happens, if it happens, their consciousnesses are swapped. This means that a person from one timeline could possibly, occasionally, live a slice of life in the other timeline. The two versions of that person might then return to their home timelines, or they might possibly never return.

1981 (See film "1981"): Bruce works for Pappagallo, the CEO of an Australian oil company. Pappagallo's company is about to be expropriated by the government, and the world is going downhill. Pappagallo explains that he wasn't sure what to do until he saw a televised speech by Deanna Binns, an economist. Deanna Binns gave a speech that espoused ideas similar to the ideas Ayn Rand expresses in her novel Atlas Shrugged. Pappagallo realizes that he has to burn his business to the ground, to prevent the government from being able to expropriate it. He makes an offer to Bruce and several other employees. He asks them to come with him to semi-permanently occupy one of their refinery compounds in the desert, to produce petrol they can use and barter with. Bruce agrees to help, even though Pappagallo refuses to let Bruce's pregnant girlfriend Debby join him. Pappagallo burns down his company's office and workshop in Broken Hill, but this starts a fire which ends up consuming most of the city. As the city burns and sirens blare, Debby is killed by her jealous ex, Zed. Zed takes Debby's music box and slices open her belly, taking Bruce's child hostage. That child is Chumdumpster (Steven Barbagallo). When Bruce hears about Debby's death, he freaks out and is kicked out of the compound. On the way out he steals Pappagallo's Stellar Blue 1975 Pontiac Firebird Trans Am. Bruce finds his home burned to the ground. Debby's body is nothing but ashes. Bruce heads to Sydney where Deanna Binns is scheduled to give a talk.

19811225 (See book "Awaited: Nonfictional Delusion"): Bruce kills Deanna Binns and the rest of Firebird's family in the Sydney Airport. He accidentally leaves Firebird alive. Firebird steals Bruce's (formerly Pappagallo's) Pontiac Firebird. Bruce is arrested but Marxists worldwide hear his story and cheer him on. He becomes a hero to them, and they begin dozens of revolutions all over the world in his honor. World War 3 begins, pitting the capitalists against the communists. Bruce is broken out of jail by an army of his communist supporters, known by some as The Dogs of War. World War 3 leads to the destruction of all governments and 95% of humanity. There were no clear-cut winners because so many of the ideological disagreements were within each country, rather than between countries.

1982/Year 0 (See film "1982"): Bruce returns to Broken Hill and kills Zed. While Bruce is doing this, he meets Max. They end up becoming enemies when Max dumps Bruce's child on the side of the road. Golden Youth rescues Bruce's child and Bruce and Golden Youth become partners. Max is chased by the Dogs of War. Max opens the door of a truck and finds Zed's body. The events of Mad Max 2: Road Warrior happen. "Wez" (AKA Bruce) survives the events of Mad Max 2 by jumping off the truck at the last second. MM2, the film, exists in both timelines, just as MM1 does. But these films are documentaries in Epoxyclypse. Mad Max 2, the documentary, is the last film made for the next few decades.

1987/Year 5: Messenger Kid/Scrooloose is born.

19901114/Year 8: Mad Skelli is born.

1999/Year 17: The events in Mad Max 3: Beyond Thunderdome happen, but they are never made into a movie in the Epoxyclypse timeline.

2003/Year 21: In the Mad Max 3 ending, Dorktown can be seen in Messenger Kid's/Scrooloose's arms, having been recently born to Messenger Kid/Scrooloose and Savanna in What's-Left-O'Sydney.

2007/Year 25 (See film "Roadblock" but note the car is incorrect, it should be a Firebird): Firebird meets Mad Skelli and Messenger Kid/Scrooloose. He finds out that his arch-enemy Bruce is still alive. Bruce still very much wants to kill him, and Bruce wants "his" (Pappagallo's) car back.

2015/Year 33 (See book "Heads Will Rock: A chronicle of postapocalyptic mayhem"): Bruce gets Firebird's location from Messenger Kid/Scrooloose, then kills him.

2016/Year 34 (See book "Awaited: Nonfictional Delusion"): Bruce arrives in the USA looking for Firebird.

2019/Year 37 (See book "Awaited: Nonfictional Delusion"): Mad Skelli arrives in the USA and begins selling DingoDongles and searching for Firebird. Mad Skelli and Firebird are reunited at the Gathering. Firebird and Bruce battle it out in the Cage but Firebird shows mercy and lets Bruce live.

2020/Year 38 (See book "Heads Will Rock: A chronicle of postapocalyptic mayhem"): Dorktown arrives in the USA and introduces herself to Firebird. Firebird finally kills Bruce. Firebird and Dorktown re-open the old Firebird factory in Norwood Ohio.




