The old sign came down and the new one went up. The old sign read "The Gathering." The new sign read "Tomorrowland Weekend."

Carnival barking isn't my style so I'd paid some motherfucker to shout for me. "Tomorrowland Weekend! Tomorrowland Weekend! This is your chance to be part of a better world! Right this way to Tomorrowland Weekend!" He was a little too good at his job. My ears hurt.

The Gathering used to be this annual free event in the California desert where people came from all over the world to meet up with friends or family or whatever. But this year I'd bought the whole thing out and jazzed it up to look like a non-apocalyptic parallel universe. And I was charging admission.

"Tomorrowland Weekend" the barker yelled. "Where the shoes have shoelaces. Where the cars have gasoline. Where the bombs never fell."

There was a long line of motherfuckers waiting at the gate. And I was the gatekeeper. Each one of these motherfuckers was here to pay me a hefty sum for a chance to visit another world. And hopefully they'd pay another hefty sum for one of them fancy new computers I had for sale inside.

Costumes were required. An impeccably-dressed man was at the front of the line.

"What are you dressed up as?" I asked.

"I'm an insurance salesman! Hi. How are ya. Nice weather we're having! Can I interest you in a policy?" He handed me his business card.

"Nailing it! Where'd you get the suit?"

"Found it in a bunker!"

"Far out man." I handed him a ticket. "The briefcase is a nice touch."

Next guy had on a red hat and a yellow coat. He carried an axe. He offered me a fistful of coins for a ticket but I stopped him.

"Nice fireman gettup! That axe is in great shape. Wanna keep your shrapnel and barter me the axe instead?"

He took me up on the deal. He gave me his axe and a business card. I handed him a ticket.

A woman in blue was next.

"What are you?" I asked.

"I'm a police officer!" she said enthusiastically. "Have you done any crimes?"

"Crimes against humanity!" I replied.

"Remain silent!" she chuckled. I handed her a ticket. She started walking away but stopped and turned around. "Almost forgot" she said. She handed me her business card.

I tossed all the cards into an old Pac Man lunchbox. It was overflowing with them.

Lawyer. Race car driver. Teacher. Politician. Astronaut. The prewars were living out their childhood dreams. The postwars were dreaming of a better world they'd only ever heard stories about.

"Are you Firebird?" a teenage girl asked. She had an Australian accent.

"What are you supposed to be? A homeless orphan? You can't wear that here. It breaks immersion."

"You are Firebird."

"Used to be" I said. "Now I got a 77 Ford Pinto Cruising Wagon. Might have to be known as Pinto from now on."

"Will you sign my book?" she asked. She whipped out a copy of a book I'd written a little while back:

AWAITED: NONFICTIONAL DELUSION

I signed the damn book in an attempt get rid of her. It didn't work.

"How can I get to Tomorrowland?" she asked.

"Buy a ticket like everyone else" I told her.

"Not Tomorrowland Weekend" the girl said. "The real Tomorrowland. Like in your book."

"You buy a ticket." I was really trying to emphasize that part. "Then you go in. While you're in there maybe... MAYBE... you swap timelines with another version of yourself and you teleport into the real Tomorrowland. Maybe not. Maybe you just buy a computer and you go home. Now you're holding up the line. You're buying a ticket or what?"

"I don't have any money" she said.

"Ulfsbane!" I called to my bodyguard.

The girl jumped back when Ulfsbane growled at her. But Ulfsbane jumped back when an even bigger fucker growled at him. I looked up and fell out of my chair. An asshole was standing above me. I knew this asshole well.

The girl giggled. "I brought Bruce with me" she said.

Yeah his real name was Bruce but I referred to him as Mohawk Asshole. The name is kinda dumb but I gave it to him when I was ten so what can I say. He got his first name cuz he had a mohawk. He got his last name cuz he killed my family.

And if you're wondering how I got the name Firebird it's cuz I stole this asshole's Firebird that day and proceeded to drive it all over the world for the next few decades. But due to some unpleasantness that car ain't around no more.

Mohawk Asshole reached down and picked me up. I don't mean he helped me up. I mean my feet were off the ground. He had me by the neck.

I had the FP45 Liberator in my pocket. It was a crap gun and it only held one shot but one shot was all I'd need. The problem was I couldn't get my hand into my pocket cuz I was too busy supporting all of my body weight on Mohawk Asshole's arms in order to take some of the pressure off my neck.

"Help... police..." I choked. I could see the police officer talking to the astronaut just a few feet away. She looked at me and smiled and continued talking to her friend.

Fortunately a dozen loyal tomorrowlanders came to my defense. They surrounded him and told him the rule. "No fighting at The Gathering except for in The Cage."

"It's... Tomorrowland... Weekend..." I coughed.

"Fighting?" Mohawk Asshole asked. "We're not fighting. I'm just here to see my friend John."

"It's... Firebird...." Well my name is technically John Binns but if your name were Potty Wastebaskets you'd change it too. When you lose everything in the apocalypse your personal brand is all you got.

The customers pulled out guns and knives and one cunt even had a basket-hilted sword. They pointed all that pointy shit at Mohawk Asshole.

He put me down. I dusted myself off. "It's ok" I said. "This is my friend Bruce. Ulfsbane take over while we catch up."

I took the girl and Mohawk Asshole back to my trailer and sat them both down.

"Who the fuck are you?" I asked while pointing at her.

She opened her mouth but I interrupted.

"And what the fuck do you want?" I asked while pointing at him.

He opened his mouth but I interrupted.

"And why did you bring him here?" I asked while pointing all over the place.

They both started blabbering.

"You first" I said pointing at Mohawk Asshole.

"Thought I'd pay you a visit. Have a cuppa tea."

"I appreciate the buddy-buddy act" I told him. "But we both know it's an act."

"All right then" he said. "Give me my car back and I won't reveal your secret."

I reached into my shirt and took off a necklace I'd made out of the car's VIN plate. I tossed it to him. "That's all that's left of it.'

He looked at the VIN plate and started reading aloud. He wasn't reading the letters and numbers though. He remembered what the letters and numbers meant. He was decoding them. He'd loved that car as much as I had. "Pontiac... Trans Am... 2 door coupe... 455 cubic inch 4 barrel V8... 1975...." He paused and looked up before translating the last letter.

"They ain't never gonna make a car like that again" I said.

"Why not?" the girl asked. "Why not make a new Trans Am?"

I looked at the girl. I looked at Mohawk Asshole.

"Norwood" he said. He got up so fast he knocked over his chair. He ran out the front door of the trailer and started yelling at whoever would listen and also at whoever would not listen.

"There is no Tomorrowland! No one can swap timelines! Firebird's book is a heap of lies!"

He ran off toward the front gate. Still shouting.

"No one can swap timelines?" the girl asked.

"Correct."

The girl looked at me. "So that was... Mohawk Asshole? Not Bruce?"

"Correct."

She stood up. "Tomorrowland doesn't exist?"

"It exists... in our hearts?"

"I came all the way around the world."

"Tomorrowland is the friends you made along the way."

"Fuck you" she said. "I can kill him with or without you." She opened the front door.

"Kill... who?" I asked.

A growing crowd of formerly-loyal tomorrowlanders was mulling about outside my trailer. I would describe their mood as "agitated." I heard someone loudly mention the word "refund."

I looked up at the main gate. The race car driver was yelling at Ulfsbane and the teacher knocked over the cash box. It flew open and coins went everywhere. The lawyer was on the ground grabbing as many of them as he could.

At this point I should probably clarify that the reason the tomorrowlanders all believed they might be able to come to this event and teleport directly into another timeline known as Tomorrowland did indeed have something to do with some of the claims I'd made in that little book I'd written. And the only person on earth in a position to prove or disprove those claims had just run out the door with the goal of informing everyone at the event that I was a charlatan.

I pulled the girl back into the trailer and locked the front door.

"Mohawk Asshole" she said.

People started banging on the door. A molotov cocktail flew through the window and the place filled with flames.

"Who are you? And where's that damn fireman when you need him."

I looked out the window. Turned out it was the fireman who was lighting up the molotovs.

"I'm Torkdown" she said. "It says in your book...."

She held up her copy of the book but it was now on fire. She dropped it on the floor and stomped out the flames.

"That book is a heap of lies."

"Not all of it. You knew my father. You wrote about him."

"Who's your father?"

"You used to call him Messenger Kid."

Now let me explain who the fuck is Messenger Kid. I refuse to write a flashback because I fucking hate flashbacks. Time moves forward in a linear fashion. And I ain't saying I'm happy about that. Especially when it comes to Messenger Kid. But if that's how time moves then stories should damn well move that way too. Anyway back when the world went to shit I found myself stuck in Australia. Messenger Kid was one of the few friends I had out there. He was the kind of friend who'd risk his ass for you and he just wouldn't think anything of it. The kind of friend where if you were in a burning house and someone started talking about him in the past tense you'd stop and ask what the fuck are you talking about.

"What the fuck are you talking about?" I asked.

"My father is dead" she said.

"Ok. Come with me Dorktown."

"It's Torkd--...." I grabbed the girl in one hand and my axe in the other and we went out the back door. We hopped into my Pinto and I tried to get it started.

I say tried cuz this car was no Firebird. It had one third the torque. One third the horsepower. And it took three times as long to get it started.

The angry tomorrowlanders heard us and came running around back. We locked our doors.

The insurance salesman climbed onto the hood and banged his briefcase on the windscreen. The astronaut used their helmet to headbutt the side glass. The fireman lobbed another molotov at us.

The engine finally started turning over on its own power. I floored it and managed to shake off the insurance guy. His briefcase flew open and papers went everywhere.

I looked in the rear view mirror. The entire compound was burning.

"Guess I should have bought that insurance policy" I muttered.



We retreated to the Woolworth's diner in Bakersfield to hide out.

"Oh my god is that her?" Dorktown jumped out of our booth and ran to the door.

"Shut up Dorktown!" I said. "You're gonna get us killed." I tried to hide my face.

"Mad Skelli! Will you sign my book?"

"Sure kid" Skelli said. "Mind if I sit down first?"

Skelli joined me and Dorktown at the booth. We ordered burgers and malts.

"Did you make it out of there with your net worth intact?" I asked.

"Yeah" Skelli nodded. "My entire inventory of DingoDongles was in the back of the Sandman. When the place went up in flames I just hopped in and kicked her in the guts. Roostertailed it out of there. How bout you?"

"I need to borrow some money" I said.

"You're the world's first postapocalyptic millionaire! What the fuck do you need to borrow money from me for?"

"You're the world's second postapocalyptic millionaire. Who else am I gonna borrow it from?"







Sure Tomorrowland Weekend was fake. It was roleplay. But I was gonna rebuild the world. I was gonna give them the real thing. The real Tomorrowland. The computers I was selling were only the beginning. I knew that one day those computers would fit in your pocket. We'd have skyscrapers with working elevators. Jets and satellites and missions to the moon. Muscle cars roaming the streets. It was only a matter of time. And the ingenuity of clever cunts like me. Inventing shit. Improving shit. Making money by earning it. Not stealing it.

The angry peasants burn down all of Tomorrowland Weekend and all of FB's computer inventory. Maybe Skelli's too.

FB to Skelli: "I need to borrow some money."

"You're the world's first postapocalyptic millionaire. Why do you need to borrow money from me?"

"You're the world's second postapocalyptic millionaire. Who else am I going to borrow money from?"

He probably gets her to agree to come along once DT tells her about MK.

So yeah my name's Firebird. They call me that cuz I owned the last Firebird on earth. That Firebird is now a smashed heap of junk on a street in New Jersey thanks to yet another person who was trying to kill me.

I invented a computer called the Firebuddy and it made me the world's first post-apocalyptic millionaire. Well I was a millionaire until I spent all my money buying out this whole Gathering thing and turning it into Tomorrowland Weekend. But if everything goes according to plan I'll sell enough computers during Tomorrowland Weekend to be a two-millionaire by next week.

I'm writing this book in Year 38. The reason we call it Year 38 is cuz the Big Bang happened 38 years ago. That was Year Zero. Not many people have written books in the past 38 years. Every book that does get written kinda has to be a history book and a philosophy book and a survival book too. So I'd be doing you a disservice if I didn't summarize what I know about how things got to be the way they are.

Us prewars remember how it used to be but I'll explain it for you postwars. As you can see from the broken bits and bobs scattered all around you this world used to be a much swankier place. Then the Big Bang came and took everything away. Or I should say it took away everything it could take. It couldn't take away grit or guff or gumption or good old-fashioned American ingenuity. Yeah people are ingenious all over the world but back then America was the best place to be ingenious. The USA was the most prosperous country in history. It's easy to figure out all the things that the USA did wrong. But it's not so easy to figure out what exactly it was that the USA did right. Seems kinda important though.

I'm gonna rebuild the world and I'm gonna do it right. Ever since I watched my parents get blown to bits in a Sydney airport I've dreamed about another world. A world where the bombs never fell.
å
A couple years ago I discovered that this world was real. And it was possible for me to visit it. It might even be possible for you to visit it too. Come to Tomorrowland Weekend and trade places with another version of yourself!

I also wrote another book before this one and made the first movie the world had seen since the Big Bang. I remember the last two movies I saw before the Big Bang. I guess technically it was kind of after the Big Bang cuz my parents had already been killed. The Big Bang wasn't one single day when the whole world blew up. It was more like a few months where everything started to really suck. And everything has sucked ever since. Anyway I wandered into this movie theater that was still trying to maintain a sense of normality. They were showing a double feature. Two true stories about a cop named Max. Back then some cops really were trying to do the right thing even if they did it in the wrong way.





