CHAPTER 00: tomorrowland

The old sign came down as the new one went up. The old sign read "The Gathering." The new sign read "Tomorrowland Weekend."
"Tomorrowland Weekend! Where the Big Bang never happened!" Carnival barking isn't my style so I paid some motherfucker to shout for me. I called him Johnny Olson after that bloke who used to shout "A new car!" on The Price Is Right. "You are awaited at Tomorrowland Weekend!"
The Gathering used to be this free event in the California desert where lost souls came from all over the world to meet up with family and friends or whatever. But this year I'd bought out the whole damn thing and jazzed it up to look like a nonapocalyptic parallel universe I called Tomorrowland.
"Tomorrowland Weekend!" Johnny Olson barked. "Where there is no suffering! No hunger! No war! No politics! Nothing to fight over. All the shoes have shoelaces. All the cars have guzzoline. The streets are paved with asphalt!"
Hundreds of motherfuckers were lined up at the gate and I was the gatekeeper. To get into Tomorrowland Weekend you had to.... well I'll let Johnny explain it.
"Costumes and Firebuddy required for entry!" he screamed. "If you do not have a Firebuddy you can buy one at the door."
The Firebuddy was a "laptop" computer I'd invented. I called it a laptop cuz it was small enough to fit on your lap. It was Firebuddy sales that had paid for this whole damn festival. Costumes were required so that when you came to Tomorrowland Weekend you'd feel like you'd really entered a parallel universe where the bombs had never fallen. People built fake little office buildings or flower shops or libraries or whatever and pretended that life was beautiful and boring.
At the front of the line stood an impeccably-dressed man. Suit and tie and hat and everything. It was Year 38 now so I was damn sure it had been 38 years since I'd seen a bloke dressed up that nice. I remembered being a kid seeing my dad off to work and he'd be dressed like that.
"What are you supposed to be?" I asked.
"I'm an insurance salesman! Hi. How are ya. How are the wife and kids? Can I interest you in a policy of insurance?" He handed me his business card.
"Nailing it. Where'd you get the suit?"
"Found it in a bunker."
"Far out." I said. He showed me his Firebuddy and I waved him in. "The briefcase is a nice touch."
Next guy had on a red hat and a yellow coat. He carried an axe. He offered me a metal bucket full of coins but I stopped him.
"Nice fireman gettup. That axe is in great shape mate."
"The head's a little loose."
He handed it to me so I could take a closer look. "Looks all right." I said. "Wanna keep your shrapnel and barter me this instead?"
He took me up on the deal. He gave me the axe and his business card. I handed him a Firebuddy.
A woman in a homemade blue uniform was next.
"What are you?" I asked.
"I'm a police officer!" she said enthusiastically. "Have you done any crimes?"
"Crimes against humanity!" I replied.
"Remain silent!" she chuckled.
She handed me a framed twenty dollar bill pressed between two sheets of plexiglass. Ugh.
"You don't have coins?" I asked.
"This is all I've got."
"You're gonna have to take it out of there. And you're not getting change." Nowadays most people were using Firebucks which was a computerized currency I'd come up with. But to use Firebucks you had to have a Firebuddy or some other kind of computer like a DingoDongle or an Assholebuddy. Nice part was over time the computer could make more Firebucks using nothing but electricity and maths. In a year or two your computer would pay for itself. Now you get why so many people were standing in line.
The police officer put the frame on the ground and borrowed my axe to break it open. She handed the axe back to me. "Head's a little loose" she said.
She carefully pulled the sheets of plastic apart and handed me the bill. I handed her a Firebuddy.
She started walking away but stopped and turned back. "Almost forgot" she said. "Here's my business card."
I had a little table set up with two of my childhood lunchboxes on it. The business cards went into my Pac Man lunchbox. The money went into my Six Million Dollar Man lunchbox. Both of them were overflowing.
One bloke was dressed as a construction worker. Another was a race car driver. There was a movie star. A doctor. There was even someone dressed up as a thief but he just reminded me of the Hamburglar. The prewars were living out their stolen childhood dreams. The postwars were dreaming of a world they'd never known.
"Are you Firebird?" a teenage girl asked. She had an Australian accent.
"Used to be" I said. "That car was smashed to bits. Now I drive a 77 Ford Pinto. Might have to be known as Pinto from now on. What are you supposed to be? A homeless orphan? You can't wear that here. It breaks immersion."
"Will you sign my book?" she asked. She handed me a copy of a book I'd written a little over a year ago:

AWAITED: NONFICTIONAL DELUSION

"Make it out to Torkdown."
"Dorktown?"
"Torkdown."
"To... Dorktown...." I scribbled my name.
"How can I get to Tomorrowland?" she asked.
"Buy a Firebuddy like everyone else" I told her.
"Not Tomorrowland Weekend" the girl said. "The real Tomorrowland. Like in your book."
A lot of people had read that book and taken it a bit too seriously. A lot of people had gotten it into their heads that Tomorrowland was a real place you could visit. That's what gave me the idea for Tomorrowland Weekend. Tomorrowland Weekend wouldn't just be a party in the desert. It would be a chance to live in the world of my book. It would be a lifestyle. An identity. A culture. A family. We were no longer merely attendees of the Gathering or Tomorrowland Weekend. We were tomorrowlanders. We were gonna rebuild the world and this time we were gonna do it right. But it was gonna take work. Some of these lazy fucks thought they could jump out of this world and into a better one just by changing their clothes. And this girl hadn't even bothered to do that.
"You gotta buy a Firebuddy." I told her. I was really trying to emphasize that part. "You gotta dress up. Then I let you in. While you're in there maybe... maybe you swap timelines with another version of yourself and you teleport into the real Tomorrowland. Maybe not. Maybe you just buy a computer and go home. Now you're holding up the line. You buying a Firebuddy or what?"
"I don't have any money" she said.
"Ulfsbane!" I shouted.
My hired hunk appeared and grabbed the problem child.
"Take her to the highway and let her hitchhike back to Australia."
At that moment a skirmish broke out in line and Ulfsbane let the girl run off. Me and Ulfsbane and a heap of other motherfuckers surrounded the assholes who were fighting.
The race car driver and the movie star had knives in their hands and they had the construction worker on the ground. He was unarmed. They'd already cut him up good and they were about to finish the job.
"Show us what he looks like on the inside!" somebody shouted.
But then some other bloke shouted "No fighting at The Gathering except for in The Cage!"
The fighting paused and all eyes turned to me. I hated making decisions like this but I put on my best authoritative badass face.
"There ain't no laws anymore but that don't mean there ain't no rules" I said. "It's not The Gathering anymore. It's Tomorrowland Weekend. But the rule still holds."
"You don't get it" the race car driver explained. "He's a Helly."
Someone shouted "Kill all Hellies."
I turned to Ulfsbane. "What's a Helly?"
Talking to Ulfsbane was pretty much like talking to a hole in the ground. He grunted.
The movie star added "And we're not inside The Gathering yet." She pointed to some orange tape I'd nailed to the ground beneath the sign.
I had to think fast if I didn't want a dead body stinking up the line. I went over to the tape on the ground and pulled it up and away from the entrance gate. I unspooled some more and walked it around the fighting fuckers and back to the gate. I put a couple new nails into the ground to hold the tape in its new position.
"Welcome to Tomorrowland Weekend" I said to the three of them.
"See you in The Cage Helly" the race car driver said to the construction worker.
The movie star showed me her Firebuddy and threw a card on my table.
The race car driver handed me his money and grabbed a Firebuddy from the stack. He gave me a card that read "Dr. Freaky Freedoms PhD. President Of The Gillies. Kill All Hellies."
"What's a Gilly?" I asked Ulfsbane.
Ulfsbane grunted.
The construction worker got up and showed me his Firebuddy. "You did the right thing" he said. "We're on the winning side of history."
"I'm not on any side of history" I replied.
He handed me his card. It had blood on it. It read "Count Bartholomu Booberry. President Of The Hellies. Death to Gillies."
He went in. The doctor was next in line.
"That man needs medical attention" I said.
Her eyes narrowed over her surgical mask. "When you saved that man's life you sent a message loud and clear that you want to erase the existence of people like me."
"What kind of a person are you?" I asked.
"It's time you asked yourself that question" she hissed.

"Welcome to the first ever Tomorrowland Weekend!" I shouted into the megaphone from the center of The Cage.
Night had fallen. The race car driver was on one side of The Cage and the construction worker was on the other. I handed swords to both of them.
Hundreds of people stood outside The Cage screaming and cheering and banging on the fence. I gestured for them to quiet down.
"People have come from all over the world to be here tonight. Some of us are here to find thems we're looking for and thems we've lost. Some of us are here to make money. Some of us are here to have a good time. But all of us are here because we want to build a better tomorrow!" I paused for a big cheer but it wasn't as big as I'd hoped.
"Death to Gillies!" someone shouted.
"Kill all Hellies!" someone retorted.
"Death comes soon enough!" I said. "It doesn't matter if you're a Helly or a Gilly. We are all tomorrowlanders!" Again the crowd was not enthused. It was time to give them what they wanted.
"When the world goes crazy you gotta get crazy too. Dollars to donuts every one of us here tonight has killed at some point in their lives. Ever since the first great Gathering 38 years ago there have been Cage matches to resolve conflicts like this. Tonight Tomorrowland Weekend continues this storied tradition!"
Now the crowd was getting worked up. A little too much maybe. The whole Cage was shaking.
"Death to Gillies!" half of them shouted.
"Kill all Hellies!" half of them replied.
"And tonight's Cage match is not just any Cage match. It's the most significant Cage match of the modern era! In this corner we have Count Bartholomu Booberry. President Of The Hellies!"
Half the crowd cheered.
"And in this corner we have Dr. Freaky Freedoms PhD. President Of The Gillies!"
The other half cheered.
"Let the battle begin!"
The crowd went mad and I got the hell out of there. I handed the megaphone to Johnny on the way out.
"You're not gonna stay and watch? This one's gonna be good" he said.
"I got work to do."
I went back to my trailer and fired up my Firebuddy. The Firebuddy would automatically connect to other nearby computers and let you communicate with them. When you bought a Firebuddy it came with free access to a "social networking website" I'd built called You Are Awaited.
The messages people posted on You Are Awaited used to be hopeful and friendly and positive. But lately things were different. People had started posting things like "If you're a Gilly we can't be friends" and "Hellies should be lined up and shot." I scrolled through the messages. There was no end to the vitriol.
My algorithm had noticed that people wanted to talk about this stuff so it had encouraged them. What had I done?CHAPTER 01: dorktown

There was a knock at the door. I opened it. It was Dorktown.
"You again? Ulfsbane!" I shouted.
"No wait" she said. "I have a Firebuddy now. Ulfsbane let me in." She showed me her new laptop.
"I thought you didn't have any money."
"I don't."
"How'd you get a Firebuddy?"
"Somebody gave me one."
"You still look like a ragamuffin."
"What are you supposed to be? What's with the cowboy hat and leather jacket?"
"I'm a software engineer named John Binns who's attending a postapocalyptic festival called Wasteland Weekend."
She giggled.
"Why are you here?" I asked.
"I need to talk to you about Tomorrowland. But first I have a surprise."
"I hate surprises. Just tell me what it is."
"A friend of yours is here to see you."
"I don't have any friends."
"Yes you do. You wrote about him in your book. Ulfsbane won't let him in even though he has a Firebuddy."
I thought about everyone I'd written about in my book. Dorktown was from Australia. I was only friends with one bloke out there. Could it be... Messenger Kid?
"All right let's go."
When we stepped outside I looked over at The Cage. Some people had climbed up the sides and onto the top. The entire structure was rocking back and forth. The crowd hooted and hollered like a pack of hungry animals. Maybe tonight this Hellies and Gillies stuff would be decided once and for all and I'd never have to hear about it again.
We headed away from The Cage toward the Tomorrowland Weekend entrance gate. The light was broken and Ulfsbane was messing with the bulb. All I could see was the silhouette of a man who was definitely not Messenger Kid.
We were just a few feet away when the light suddenly flickered on and lit up his face.
"G'day mate!" said a maniacal grinning mohawked head wearing a goddamn tuxedo.
I leaped back in terror and fell to the ground. "Jesus fucking christ" I said. Did I mention he was wearing a tuxedo?
Dorktown giggled. "I found Bruce!" she said.
Yeah his real name was Bruce but I referred to him as Mohawk Asshole. The name is kinda dumb but I gave it to him when I was ten so what can I say. He got his first name cuz he had a mohawk. He got his last name cuz he killed my family.
And if you're wondering how I got the name Firebird it's cuz I stole Mohawk Asshole's Firebird Trans Am on the day he killed my family and drove it around for a few decades.
I got up and pulled out my FP45 Liberator. I twisted the cocking knob into place and stuck it in Mohawk Asshole's face. It was a crap gun and it only held one shot but one shot was all I'd need.
"No fighting at The Gathering except for in The Cage" he said calmly.
Dorktown grabbed my arm and pulled it down. "Why would you shoot Bruce?" she asked. "Aren't you two best mates now?" She got out her book and started flipping through the pages.
I was beginning to tire of people treating my book like it was an oracle of truth just because it had the word "nonfictional" in the title. But it was people taking my book seriously that had made this whole festival possible. And Dorktown was technically right. At the end of that book I refrained from killing Mohawk Asshole because we'd become friends in a very roundabout way.
I put the gun away. "It's Tomorrowland Weekend" I said. "And you're not allowed in."
"I'm already in" he said. He pointed at the tape on the ground that I'd relocated earlier that day. Ok he had a point.
"Dammit Ulfsbane" I said.
Ulfsbane looked at the tape and made a confused grunt.
"We're going back to my trailer to catch up. Don't let in any more psychotic killers."
"There goes all your customers" Dorktown said.
We headed back to my trailer.
"Don't you want his autograph too?" I asked Dorktown.
"Already got it" Dorktown replied.
"What are you supposed to be anyway?" I asked Mohawk Asshole.
"I'm a millionaire attending a fundraiser to re-elect Ronald Reagan."
I sat the two of them down in my trailer and shut the door.
"What the fuck do you want?" I asked.
They both started blabbering.
"You first" I said pointing at Mohawk Asshole.
"Thought I'd pay you a visit. Have a cuppa tea."
"I appreciate the buddy buddy act" I told him. "But we both know it's an act."
"All right then" he said. "Give me my car back and I won't tell anyone your secret."
Dorktown looked at me. "What's your secret?"
I ignored her. I reached into my jacket pocket and took out the old Firebird's VIN plate. I tossed it to Mohawk Asshole. "That's all that's left of the car."
He looked at the VIN plate and started reading aloud. But he wasn't reading the letters and numbers. He remembered what the letters and numbers meant. He was decoding them. He'd loved that car as much as I had. "Pontiac... Trans Am... 2 door coupe... 455 cubic inch 4 barrel V8... 1975...." He paused and looked up before translating the last letter. We both knew it by heart. It was the letter N.
"They ain't never gonna make another car like that again" I said.
"Why not?" Dorktown asked. "Why not make a new Firebird?"
I looked at Dorktown. I looked at Mohawk Asshole.
"Norwood" he said. He got up so fast he knocked over his chair. He ran out the door and started yelling at whoever would listen and also at whoever would not listen.
"There is no Tomorrowland!" he shouted. "Firebird's book is a heap of lies! Nobody can swap timelines!"
"That's the secret?" Dorktown asked. "Nobody can swap timelines?"
At this point I should probably clarify that the reason tomorrowlanders all believed they could come to this event and teleport into an alternate universe known as Tomorrowland did indeed have something to do with that book I wrote.
In the book I claimed it was possible for people to swap places with doppelganger versions of themselves in Tomorrowland. I claimed I'd visited a nonapocalyptic Tomorrowland on multiple occasions by trading places with another version of me I called John. I claimed Mohawk Asshole had vanished into Tomorrowland and left in his place a Mr. Rogers version of himself I called Bruce.
It was all just advertising. I was selling futuristic computers. I never expected anyone would actually believe the computers came from the future.
"Nobody can swap timelines" I said.
"So that was... Mohawk Asshole? Not Bruce?"
"Correct."
Dorktown stood up. "Tomorrowland doesn't exist?"
"It exists in our hearts."
"I came all the way around the world for this."
"Tomorrowland is the friends you made along the way."
"Fuck you" she said. "I can kill him with or without you."
She stormed out.
I followed her out the door and grabbed her by the arm.
"Kill who?" I asked.
A rising tide of crowd noises emanated from the direction of The Cage. I turned to look. It was covered top to bottom with people and the entire structure was leaning to one side.
"I'd tell you if you'd listen to me for one second" Dorktown said.
I turned and looked her in the eye. "Why are you here Dorktown?"
"My name is Torkdown." She held my gaze with fire in her eyes. "And I'm here to kill Mohawk Asshole."
"Why?"
"He killed my pop."
"Who was your pop?"
"You used to call him Messenger Kid."
Just then there was a loud crack and a massive ground shaking thud followed by terrified screams. The Cage had collapsed. I felt the heat of an explosion behind me and Dorktown's face lit up orange.
Neither of us turned.
Neither of us blinked.
Now let me explain who the fuck is Messenger Kid. I refuse to write a flashback because I fucking hate flashbacks. Time moves forward in a linear fashion. I ain't saying I'm happy about that. Especially when it comes to Messenger Kid. But if that's how time moves then stories should damn well move that way too. So I'm just gonna tell it how I remember it.
Back when the world went to shit I found myself stuck in Australia. Messenger Kid was the only friend I had. He was mute but like they say actions speak louder than words. You'll just have to imagine the hijinks and shenanigans. Or read the damn book. Anyway Messenger Kid was the kind of friend who'd risk everything for you and he wouldn't think nothing of it. He saved my ass on more than one occasion. I owed him my life.
"And you came here for my help" I said.
"I thought we had to get Bruce to swap timelines with Mohawk Asshole in Tomorrowland to bring back the real Mohawk Asshole. But now you're telling me that Bruce is the real Mohawk Asshole."
"James Bond once said 'Before setting out on revenge you first dig two graves.'"
"I'll dig as many graves as it takes" she said. "Are you gonna help me or not?"
"I had a chance to kill him once you know."
"Page 129. Why didn't you?"
I couldn't think of any more cool James Bond quotes so I let her go. She whipped her head around and vanished into the darkness.
I ran back to my trailer to grab my axe and then I headed for The Cage.
What used to be The Cage. It was now a heap of wood and metal and flames. I found Johnny and asked him what was up.
As always he shouted enthusiastically. "The Helly killed the Gilly president. The Gillies went nuts and everyone started fighting. The whole thing collapsed to the ground!"
"Was anyone else killed?"
We heard a scream from somewhere inside the wreckage.
Johnny laughed. "I think that's a yes."
Johnny ran off like he knew something I didn't. He left me talking to myself.
"Well that's the end of the damned Helly versus Gilly crap" I said.
I turned around to discover that this was not the end of the damned Helly versus Gilly crap.
The burning Cage was behind me. Closing in on my left and right were two gangs of monsters dressed as squares. There were secretaries with torches and farmers with pitchforks and yodelers with nunchucks.
The Hamburglar led the group on the left. The police officer led the group on the right.
It was late but even the sleeping tomorrowlanders heard the ruckus and peeked out of their camps to find out what was going on. Hundreds of them woke up and joined the mob.
"Part of the solution!" one side chanted while pointing at themselves.
"Part of the problem!" they chanted while pointing at the others.
The other side had a chant of its own. "With us!" they shouted while pointing at themselves.
"Against us!" they shouted while pointing at the others.
I tightened my grip on the axe and took off running through this nightmare gauntlet.
The two fronts went to war and I was stuck in the middle. I got down on my hands and knees and crawled through the foolishness.
"Part of the solution!"
"Part of the problem!"
"Neither. Both. Pardon me. Coming through" I said. A severed finger landed on the ground in front of me.
"With us!"
"Against us!"
"Both. Neither. Excuse me. Sorry" I said.
Once I was through I stood up and ran.
Someone shouted "There he is! The guy who saved the Helly president! Get him!"
I ran for my trailer but when I got there it was up in flames. The fireman was lobbing molotovs. My entire inventory of Firebuddies was destroyed along with the one that I used every day.
Ok so that goal was stuffed. My next goal was to get to my car and get the hell out of here.
I ran around back and hopped into my Pinto Cruising Wagon. 171 cubic inch V6. Original paint. Silver with yellow and orange and purple stripes. The thing looked like sex on wheels but drove like a moose on rollerskates. There wasn't a single dent on it cuz they were famous for exploding on impact. No one had the courage to smash into it. Maybe it was all just media hype but it kept the assholes at bay.
I tried to get it started. I say tried cuz this car was no Firebird. It had one third the torque. One third the horsepower. And it took three times as long to get started.
The angry tomorrowlanders heard me cranking the Pinto and came running around back.
The bloke who'd tried to sell me an insurance policy climbed onto the hood and banged his briefcase on the windscreen. An astronaut was using their helmet to headbutt the side glass. The fireman lobbed another molotov and set the insurance guy on fire.
The engine finally turned over on its own power. I floored it and managed to shake off the flaming insurance guy. His briefcase flew open and papers went everywhere.
Pissed off tomorrowlanders were running in every direction. I was headed for the main gate. My brand new Tomorrowland Weekend sign was on fire. A group of Girl Scouts was rocking the scaffolding back and forth trying to pull it down.
The movie star was arguing with Ulfsbane at the gate. While Ulfsbane was distracted a scary looking deep sea diver in one of those hard shelled diving suits grabbed the Six Million Dollar Man lunchbox with my money in it and hobbled away. Ulfsbane noticed and went after him but the movie star tripped him and he went down.
As I neared the gate the scaffolding finally tipped. I gave it the bejeezus but the car bogged down. Yeah that damn car actually slowed down when you stepped on the throttle. I just could not get that carburetor adjusted right. I lifted up on the pedal and barely made it through the gate just in time to look in the mirror and see my beautiful new sign smash onto the ground. The first ever Tomorrowland Weekend would also be the last.
I stopped the car and got out. I'd put everything I had into this event. Now the whole thing was up in flames. Guess I should have bought that insurance policy.
I heard someone to my left kickstarting a motorbike. I heard someone to my right calling for help.
I looked to my left. It was not just anyone and they were not kickstarting just any motorbike. It was the deep sea diver with my lunchbox full of coins and he was about to escape on a Honda CR250M Elsinore. Just like Steve McQueen rode. I oughta kick his ass then take my lunchbox back and take that groovy motorbike too.
I looked to my right. It was Dorktown and she was trapped under the burning scaffolding that had just fallen.
I looked left again. I looked right again.
Goddammit.
The diver rode off as I chopped away at the scaffolding with my axe.CHAPTER 02: bakersfield

The next morning I borrowed Dorktown's Firebuddy to send a message to someone who might help us.
He didn't just borrow it. He's writing this whole damn book on my Firebuddy. That means I can help write it!!
Stop it Dorktown.
We stopped at the Woolworth's diner in Bakersfield and ordered burgers and malts. I hid my face every time a tomorrowlander passed by.
"What are we sitting around for?" Dorktown asked. "Mohawk Asshole could be in Norwood by now."
"Do you know where Norwood is?" I asked.
Dorktown looked toward the entrance. "Oh my god! Is that her?"
She got up and ran to the door. "Are you Mad Skelli? Can I have your autograph?"
"Mind if I sit down first?" Skelli replied.
Skelli sat down and signed Dorktown's book.
"Isn't she a bit young for you?" Skelli asked.
"She's not my girlfriend" I said.
"I'm his mission partner" Dorktown said.
"She's my one member fan club" I said.
"What do you want?" Skelli asked me.
"I need to borrow some money."
"You're the world's first postapocalyptic millionaire. Why do you need to borrow money from me?"
"You're the world's second postapocalyptic millionaire. Who else am I gonna borrow it from? I spent everything I had turning The Gathering into Tomorrowland Weekend. It's all gone now."
"Fuck Tomorrowland Weekend" Dorktown said. "There is no Tomorrowland. Firebird made it all up."
"That's a relief" Skelli said. "I was worried we were all just figments of John's imagination."
"What matters is Mohawk Asshole killed my pop" Dorktown said. "My pop was a friend of yours you called Messenger Kid."
"Mohawk Asshole... killed Messenger Kid?" Skelli asked. "You're Messenger Kid's... kid?"
"Yeah. And we're going to kill Mohawk Asshole."
"She's going to kill Mohawk Asshole" I said.
Dorktown turned to me. "Why do you think Mohawk Asshole killed my pop?"
I thought about it. Then I looked down at the table. I knew the answer before she said it.
"He was looking for you" Dorktown said.
I'd left Skelli and Messenger Kid behind in Australia when I'd gotten on a boat and returned to the USA 13 years ago. They were the only two people who knew where I'd gone.
I slowly looked up at Skelli.
"Dorktown is my mission partner. We are going to kill Mohawk Asshole."
Skelli nodded and turned to Dorktown. "Your father saved my tits on more than one occasion. I owe him my life. You've inherited my debt. What do you need?"
"Mohawk Asshole is going to Norwood" Dorktown said. "We need money to get there. And weapons to capture him with."
"And money to reopen the Firebird factory" I added.
"I'll give you the money to get to Norwood" Skelli said to Dorktown. "You'll have to figure out weapons on your own."
"And the factory?" I asked.
"Chew on me bloody minge" Skelli replied.
"I thought you two were in love" Dorktown said.
Skelli turned to Dorktown. "First you said you were gonna kill him. Then you said you were gonna capture him. Which is it?"
"First the second. Then the first." Dorktown said. "We're gonna tie him up and then we're gonna drop him out of a helicopter."
"Do you have a helicopter?"
"No. We'll have to borrow one."
"Have you ever killed anyone?" Skelli asked.
"No but I've smashed the skulls of dead kangaroos. Can't be much different."
"It's different."
"You killed Fake Cop right?" Dorktown asked. She was referring to Skelli's ex who was also Mohawk Asshole's best mate.
"I did it to save a life. Not for revenge. When we returned to put petrol in the Firebird we buried his body. You can't let a crazy world make you go crazy too."
Skelli might never admit she said all that but I assure you she did.
"Why not?" Dorktown asked.
A man came to the table and asked if we were enjoying the food.
"Yes!" Dorktown exclaimed. "Great place. Are you the owner? I wanna ask you something." She got up and walked with him to the cash register.
"Sweet kid" Skelli said.
"She's a psychopath" I replied.
Dorktown pointed at a vintage Barnett Wildcat crossbow that was hanging on the wall. The shop owner took it down and handed it to her. She admired it for a moment. She said a few more words and smiled. The owner reached under the counter and handed her a single arrow.
"I thought she didn't have any money" Skelli said.
I chuckled. "She doesn't."
Dorktown returned to the table and showed off her new toy. "We'll use this to capture him. We'll find a helicopter later."
We left the diner. Skelli discreetly handed a sack of coins to Dorktown. They exchanged a few words I couldn't hear. Then Skelli skedattled.
Firebird forgot to mention that Skelli gave him a kiss goodbye. They're in love!!
Goddammit Dorktown. If you're gonna chime in at least give us some useful information. What did Skelli whisper to you?
She said "If you fuck him I'll smash your pretty little toes with a hammer."
Skelli definitely did not say that.
We headed over to the Pinto.
"Can I drive?" Dorktown asked.
"Nobody drives my car" I said. We got in and started off.
"Norwood?" she asked.
"Van Nuys."CHAPTER 03: VAN NUYS

Not many people have written books in the past 38 years. Every book that gets written nowadays kinda has to be a history book and a philosophy book and a survival book too. So I'd be doing you a disservice if I didn't tell you what I know about how things got to be the way they are and maybe offer some ideas about how to get things back to the way they oughta be.
Wait why are we going to Van Nuys??
I'll get to that but there's something else I want to talk about first.
I hope you're gonna go on a rant about economics. That was my favourite part of the last book!!
You're being sarcastic aren't you. Listen. This is important. Economics is the choices we make every day. The choices we make change our lives and the lives of those around us. The choices we make change the world. So economics is the study of how to change the world. Stop fucking up my (our) book.
I'm (we're) writing this book in what we call the Year 38. The reason we call it Year 38 is cuz the Big Bang happened 38 years ago. That was Year Zero.
The world used to be a much swankier place. I'm a prewar so I should know. I was there. Mohawk Asshole was there too. Skelli and Dorktown were postwars.
The Big Bang wasn't just a war. There were diseases and pests and disasters natural and unnatural. By the time it was over the governments of the world had bombed themselves out of existence and taken 95% of humanity with them.
Imagine you're one of the survivors. Imagine you work in the Norwood factory building Trans Ams. If you showed up for work and 95% of your coworkers were gone could you keep building cars? No way. That's why no one's built a new car in 38 years.
But now imagine you the kind of person who works on cars in your garage. Imagine you need an alternator. For every car that has an owner there are now 19 cars sitting around that don't.
Why steal when you can scavenge? Why fight when you can cooperate? Now you're beginning to understand how some of us managed to keep the world spinning despite the assholes' best efforts.
The Big Bang took away everything it could take. But it couldn't take away our grit or guff or gumption or good old-fashioned American ingenuity. Yeah people are ingenious all over the world but back in the old days everyone came to America to be ingenious. The USA was the most prosperous country in history.
The human brain has a thing called negativity bias. We focus on the bad stuff to ensure that threats don't get the better of us. So it was easy for people like Howard Zinn to catalog all the things that the USA got wrong. Yeah I read that book and yeah I get it.
But the problem with negativity bias is that it makes us take the good stuff for granted. So what's not so easy is figuring out what exactly it was that the USA got right. If I was gonna put the world back together I had to make sure I put it back together right.
So what if Tomorrowland Weekend was fake? I was really trying to rebuild the world. I was gonna give people the real Tomorrowland. The computers I was selling were only the beginning. One day those computers are gonna fit in your pocket. We'll have skyscrapers with working elevators. Muscle cars that make more power and drink less petrol. Jets and satellites in the sky. A city on the moon and then we'll head for Mars.
It was only a matter of time plus the ingenuity of clever cunts like me. Inventing shit. Improving shit. Making money by earning it. Not stealing it. The only way we'd get to Tomorrowland was if we built it ourselves.
You probably think I'm a moneygrubbing monster who would have gone after that deep sea diver who grabbed my Six Million Dollar Man lunchbox if only Dorktown had been a bloke and not a sheila. You can think that if you want.
But I will not let you think for a moment that I don't have dreams. I will not let you think for a moment that I don't care about the greater good. My entire life has been devoted to rebuilding the world. Who says you have to suffer and sacrifice? If I can save the world and have a good time doing it then that's all the better. Maybe even make a little money along the way.
I invented the Firebuddy. I brought back TV and movies. I made money digital. Now I was gonna bring back cars. Shiny fucking Trans Ams with big fucking birds painted on the hoods. Don't even try to act like you don't want one.
I do want one!! But can we please get back to the fighting and killing now??

"Van Nuys? What the fuck?" Dorktown asked. "We have to get to Norwood."
"Pontiac Firebirds were assembled in two locations" I said. "Norwood Ohio and Van Nuys California. Van Nuys is only two hours away. If Mohawk Asshole has half a brain he'll be headed there first."
"How much of a brain does he have?"
"He's not as dumb as he looks and sounds and thinks and acts."
Dorktown got out her book again and started flipping through it.
"What are you doing?"
"If we've got an hour then I've got more questions. Like did Skelli know all along that Tomorrowland wasn't real?"
"She never even heard of Tomorrowland until my book came out."
"What about that scene where she witnessed you swapping timelines?"
"I made it up."
She laughed. "You're an asshole."
"I'm a storyteller."
"No you're not. I know for a fact that half your book is true. I just don't know which half. Like at the end of the book you said you were held at gunpoint by the woman with the paperclip necklace. She was gonna kill you. But you're still here. How did you escape?"
"I grabbed her gun and shot her."
"Did you ever really find out what was on the movie film in your parents' safe?"
I pulled off at an old servo in Castaic that looked like it might still be in business. The joint was called Gallion's Gallons. "We gotta get some petrol. Get out your bag of coins."
"No wait! I'm not done! Did you know where Deadline was the whole time?"
I winked at her. Then I got out of the car and went in to look for signs of life.
He didn't really wink at me. He answered my question. But I'm not telling any of you fuckers what he said!!
Dorktown found my JVC RC-M90 cassette player and Koss PRO-4A headphones in the back seat and tried them out.
I found a bloke inside who had some petrol for sale. "Fill her up. She's paying" I said. "Where's the dunny?"
"Huh?"
"The restroom."
"Around the side."
I headed around the building and tugged on the door. Locked.
"Just a minute" a muffled voice said.
I paced around for a moment before I noticed the front wheel and fender of a motorbike peeking around from behind the building. I knew that fender by heart because I'd sat in class drawing that motorbike over and over when I was a kid. I spent hours trying to get that damn fender right. Honda CR250M Elsinore. Just like Steve McQueen rode. It was the goddamn deep sea diver's bike.
The toilet flushed. Fuck.
I found an old rusty modular shelving unit and pushed it up against the restroom door.
"Dorktown!" I shouted.
No response.
"Dorktown!"
Nothing.
I ran around front while the diver struggled to push his way out of the restroom. Dorktown was still listening to music. I snatched the headphones off of her.
"What the fuck?" she asked.
"It's him!"
"Mohawk Asshole?" She got out and went for her crossbow.
"No. The asshole who stole my Six Million Dollar Man lunchbox!"
"Lunchbox? Jesus fuck. I'll buy you another lunch."
"No my lunchbox full of money!" I tried to grab her crossbow but she held on tight.
"You have a gun. Go shoot him with it."
He'd almost bashed his way out of the restroom. I ran back to the door and held it in place. I pulled out my Liberator and twisted the cocking knob into place. I pointed it into the doorway.
"Give me back my lunchbox you chum dumpster!" I yelled.
This asshole just earned himself a nickname.
Chumdumpster braced himself against the opposite wall and kicked the door as hard as he could. The shelving unit fell over with me under it.
He pushed his way out of the restroom. He had my lunchbox in his hand. He climbed on top of the shelving unit and trapped me under it.
I couldn't breathe.
"Dorktown..." I gasped.
I could see his face laughing through the thick glass of  his helmet.
"Help...."
I stuck my gun against his metal suit and pulled the trigger. The Liberator's spot welds all blew out and the gun cracked in half in my hand. I have no idea if the bullet actually left the chamber but if it did Chumdumpster sure as hell didn't notice.
He got up and tottered over to his bike. I could tell he wasn't wearing a fully functional waterproof suit because he had on motorbike gloves and boots. He put my lunchbox into his saddlebag and came back with a rope.
He tied the rope around my foot which was stuck under the shelves. He tied the other end to his bike and started it up.
He pulled away slowly to tighten up the slack. He stopped and turned around to watch me squirm. Then he revved the engine and pulled away hard.
He yanked me out from under the shelves and dragged me across the bitumen.
Everything was a blur but I did see the servo owner briefly turn to look at me as I slid across the ground. He then turned back around to finish wiping down the Pinto's windscreen.
The bike turned onto the road and picked up speed.
I did my best to curl into a ball and sit up so I could get my hands on the rope around my foot. I couldn't untie it. The knot was getting tighter and tighter the further he dragged me.
That didn't work so I grabbed the rope and pulled myself forward so the rope wasn't pulling on my leg so hard. I managed to get the rope under my foot and crush it between my foot and the road. It was like being pulled behind a truck on a skateboard. I should know. I did that once. Only this time there was no skateboard.
We must have been going a hundred kays. The rope started smoking. Finally the rope snapped. I slid into a ditch and Chumdumpster rode off.
I had blood all over me and my jeans were full of holes. I walked back to the servo.
Dorktown looked up and took off the headphones.
"How'd you do?" she asked.
"My gun broke."
"What happened to all the other guns you used to have?"
"They were in the trunk of the Firebird. They got bent up when my car got smashed. Why didn't you come after me when I was being dragged down the road?"
"You looked like you had it under control. And you told me never to drive your car!" she said.
"New rule. You can drive my car if it's an emergency."
"Me drive Pinto! Me drive Pinto!"
"Only in an emergency. And there aren't going to be any more emergencies."
I got in the car and started it up. Then I remembered something. I turned to face her.
"If you do drive the car don't hit anything."
"Why not?"
"Pintos are famous for exploding. Ok?"
"Exploding car. Got it."
"What are you listening to?" I asked.
She grabbed the cassette box. It was a mixtape of bootlegs. My dad had made it for me when I was a kid. "The Rolling Stones" she said. "Shattered. Live in Fort Worth 1978."
"I heard Keith Richards is still alive."
"Who's Keith Richards?"

When we arrived in Van Nuys we noticed some buyers and sellers in a vacant lot filled with car parts. An old man had a heap of carburetors in an old shopping trolley. I pulled over to talk to him.
"G'day. I'm Firebird. This is Dorktown."
"Oldkoot" he said.
"You got any carbs that might fit this V6?"
"This ain't much of a Ford town. But I think I got one that would fit."
I turned off the car and we got out while he dug up the carburetor.
I grabbed two ancient pieces of grape Bubble Yum from my stash and tossed one to Dorktown. She unwrapped it and put it in her mouth. Her eyes lit up in delight.
The carb had clearly been rebuilt with care. Clean as a whistle. New handcut gaskets and everything.
"Did you rebuild this?" I asked.
"Yessirree."
"Looks great. Mind if I try it out?"
"Go right ahead."
I got to work putting it on. "How long have you been doing this kind of thing?"
"I've been building engines for dang near 50 years now. I worked at the GM plant when it was in its prime."
"That's where we're headed. Can you give us directions?"
"It's just a few blocks thattaway. But you don't want to go there now."
"What happened?"
"We were refurbishing and selling old parts out of the place. Yesterday some fopdoodle with a mohawk showed up acting like he owned the joint. Then some gollumpus in an old timey dive suit joined him. They took my handbuilt turbo V8. They kicked us out and set up a guillotine out front."
"A guillotine?"
"Yep. Said they'd cut off our heads if we didn't leave town."
"Are you gonna leave?"
"Hell no. What do you reckon they're up to?"
"They're trying to build a Trans Am. You think there might be enough spare parts in the place to do it?"
"There are still some subframes sitting around. Some sheet metal. No glass. Not enough parts to make a complete car. But you could probably use the parts to get a frankencar up and running."
"Any more of the original plant workers still around?"
"A bomb hit the place in '81. A bunch of my coworkers were killed. Everyone else gave up or faded away. I reckon I'm the last one left. The world ain't what it used to be."
Dorktown walked over to us. "Don't worry" she said between smacks of her gum. "We're gonna fix the world and kill the assholes that broke it."
"That's my girl!" I said.
She smiled and swallowed her gum.
I put the air cleaner back on and started up the Pinto. I revved it up. "Sounds great. What do we owe you?" I asked.
"You chase those vermin out of Van Nuys and we're even."
"It's a deal. How many of them are there?"
"I couldn't rightly say. Their cronies have been moving trucks in and out of there all day. There are guards out front by the guillotine. But you don't have to go in the front."
He reached into his pocket and handed me a single key on an old GM keychain. "This key opens the office door on the east side of the building."
"We'll go in tonight" I said.
"Fuck that" Dorktown said. She tried to snatch the key from me but I held on tight.
"Keep it" she said. "I'll go in through the front door."
She pulled the crossbow out of the Pinto and strutted off in the direction of the plant.
I threw my gum away and took off after her. She started running. I chased her and tackled her. We both went down and the crossbow slammed into a light post.
We got up. Dorktown picked up the crossbow. The bow was now bent out of shape.
She threw it aside. "Fuck it. I'll tear off his skin with my fingernails if I have to."
I blocked her path. She tried to push her way through me.
"Dorktown please listen to me."
I endured shoves and punches and kicks and scratches but I held fast.
"Dorktown. Please."
Now she was screaming and wailing.
"I know you miss him. I miss him too."
She looked up at me. She had tears in her eyes.
Firebird was crying too.
Some things are better left unsaid.
This isn't one of those things.
"If you die there won't be anyone in my fan club" I said. "We'll go in tonight ok?"
She took a few breaths and looked down at the sidewalk. I put my arm around her and we walked back.
We joined Oldkoot by the car. A deuce-and-a-half drove by headed toward the plant. Its occupants eyed us suspiciously.
"We're attracting attention" I said. "We need somewhere to hole up."
Oldkoot said "If you head southeast to Burbank there's a little place called the Safari Inn."
"You sure you don't need a ride out of town?" I offered.
"I ain't going nowhere" he said. He looked up at the sky. "Wouldn't want to miss the sunset."

Me and Dorktown got a room at the Safari Inn. The sky had yellow and orange and purple stripes going all the way across it.
The motel pools are all empty nowadays so I grabbed my skateboard and went to check it out.
I set my board on the coping and dropped in. I immediately slammed and landed in a puddle of muck around the drain.
I heard Dorktown laughing at me. I looked up and saw her sitting by the edge of the pool.
I was in me undies.
Yes you were. But I don't want them to think of you that way.
I don't mind.
Yes but you have more to offer than that. And that's not what this story is about.
Anyway Dorktown had my tape player with her. She pressed play. Bruce Springsteen. Rosalita Come Out Tonight. Live in Phoenix 1978. My dad told me four different women stormed the stage that night.
I dropped into the pool again. I pulled off a few ollies below the coping and even a little grind. I always skate better when I have someone to show off for.
I climbed out of the pool and grabbed a couple more pieces of Bubble Yum for us.
Dorktown swallowed hers a minute later.
"That's not how you do it. Watch."
I blew a bubble as big as Dorktown's head. Her eyes widened in amazement and she smiled.
It made me happy to see her smile.
"Let me try let me try!" she said.
I gave her my gum. She chewed it a bit. Then she tried to blow but she just spat it into my face.

The room had one of those winding brass alarm clocks with bells on top. We'd set the alarm for 2:30am.
Dorktown was asleep. I was not.
I couldn't stop thinking about what I was going to have to do. I knew it wasn't going to be good. I checked my pocket to make sure I had my handcuffs and checked my keyring to make sure I had the key.
The alarm went off. Those bells are loud as fuck.
I picked up the axe. "It's time" I said.
Dorktown yawned. "Let's go do some murdering."
The car crept toward the plant. I kept the headlights off. We parked a block away.
I pulled the cuffs out of my pocket. I slapped one of them onto the steering wheel.
"What are those for?" Dorktown asked.
I grabbed her wrist and slapped the other cuff onto it.
"What are you doing?" she cried.
"This isn't who you are" I said.
"You don't know who I am!"
"This isn't who I want you to be."
I got out and grabbed the axe. Dorktown freaked out and tugged at the steering wheel furiously.
The facility was massive and made up of several buildings. It was painful to see such a bastion of industry and progress and prosperity reduced to a ghostly collection of blackened husks.
Light was coming from an open garage bay door on the main building. Silhouetted in front of it were two guards and an actual goddamn guillotine just like Oldkoot said.
I went around back and used Oldkoot's key to sneak in through the darkened back door.
I had some trouble pushing the door open cuz something was leaning up against it. I squeezed my way in but in doing so I knocked over this pile of something.
I was greeted by Oldkoot's mutilated head on a pike just inches away from my face and a dozen other heads on a dozen other pikes.
I hope you got to see that last sunset my friend.
If you came here to read about grisly murder well then there you go. But before you start wanking off onto these pages I got some shit I wanna say. Seeing someone dead like this got me thinking and this shit should get you thinking too.
They named the guillotine after a bloke named Guillotin. He was horrified when he found out what he would be forever remembered for. He was wholeheartedly against killing people. He never even built a guillotine. He just came up with the idea as a way to improve upon the long and agonizing spectacles that public executions had become. It was the quickest and most humane manner of inducing death anyone could think of at the time. He hoped that performing executions in this quick and boring way would discourage the crowds of cheerleaders and gawkers from showing up.
Unfortunately it didn't work. People were more excited than ever to watch others lose their lives. Maybe the quick and impersonal process made it easier to take. Or maybe the horror of dying this way took humanity to great new heights of morbid curiosity.
Children sang guillotine songs and played guillotine games. Artists made guillotine art. Families had miniature novelty guillotines for slicing vegetables. Jokes were made and idioms were born: "Heads will roll."
Doctors performed experiments on the heads. They'd talk to them and slap them and give them instructions they could respond to in order to see how long the heads would stay alive. The answer is somewhere between three seconds and 30 seconds. Either end of that range sounds too long to me.
The Nazis were some of the biggest users of the guillotine. The last legal guillotine execution happened in 1977. Just as society was about to cease this savagery the Big Bang destroyed society and set off the savagery all over again.
I'd much rather drop someone out of a helicopter.
What is it with you and helicopters? You're missing the point. Killing is sometimes necessary but it's something you should avoid at all costs. If you're gonna kill someone it should only be to stop them from killing you or someone else. Life is the best goddamnedest thing that's ever happened in the whole entire universe. We gotta cherish it. Killing should not be trivialized or glorified.
It was probably not the best time to think about this shit cuz at that very moment I was carrying an axe down a hallway and planning to use that axe to take the life of another human being. But I'd had 38 years to prepare for this moment and new shit had come to light since the last time I'd had him on the ground. Page 129. I'd shown him mercy that day. But this time I wasn't just doing it for me. I was doing it for someone I cared about.
Is it me? Pretty sure it's me.
I was in a dark hallway with several entrances to dark offices. I could see a dim light coming from around a corner up ahead. I rounded the corner and at the end of the hallway there was a door with a window in it. It led to the brightly lit factory floor. Framed right in center of that window was the frankencar. The Frankenbird.
I walked up to the door and peeked through the window. Some asshole mechanic was working late putting the finishing touches on the abomination. It wasn't a Trans Am and it wasn't a Camaro but it was clearly made up of bits of both. The nose was from an '81 Firebird but the tail was from a Camaro. Side pipes with no heat shields and no mufflers. Gratings were welded on in the places where windows were supposed to be. It had a twotone paint job. The two tones were rust and primer. On the hood where the firebird logo was supposed to go they'd painted a bird's skeleton.
Oldkoot's handbuilt engine was jutting out of the hood but they'd piled dual stacked superchargers on top of it. Dual stacked superchargers on a turbocharged 4.9L V8. There was no way that engine could take all that fuel and air. I'd be surprised if they could even get it started. It looked like something I would have drawn in grade school which is to say it looked awesome and scary as hell.
Then someone snored loudly in the darkened office right beside me.
I froze for a moment. I waited for another snore then snuck in.
Someone was sleeping on a mattress in the center of the office. I inched closer. It was him. Mohawk Asshole. Still in his tuxedo.
He'd killed my family. He'd killed Messenger Kid. Who knows how many others had died because of him? It was time to put an end to it.
Damn right it was.
I lifted the axe and aimed for his neck.
Did you hesitate?
I did not hesitate.
You fucking hesitated. And I know why. Laura told me.
They don't know who Laura is yet. I should get back to telling the story. This is kind of a pivotal moment.
At this point five major events happened in quick succession.
1. An engine cranked over a few times and the entire building started rumbling. The asshole mechanic had somehow managed to bring the Frankenbird to life.
2. Mohawk Asshole woke up with a start. He gave me a funny look.
3. The head fell off of my axe. I guess it was loose after all.
4. The butt of the axe head hit Mohawk Asshole in the forehead. It bounced to the floor.
5. A voice arose from a dark corner of the room and said "Dad?"
This was a lot to take in. It would have been nice if the axe head had knocked Mohawk Asshole unconscious but instead it had imbued him with extreme consciousness.
He tried to get up. I started thwacking him with the axe handle. It was the best I could do and we're all just doing the best we can.
The person who had said "Dad" emerged from the darkness. It was Chumdumpster. So Chumdumpster was Mohawk Asshole's kid. And he was still in that dive suit. He must sleep in it.
Chumdumpster waddled towards me. Mohawk Asshole stood up and took the axe handle from me. He threw it across the room.
A light came on in the hallway. There were more people in these offices and they were now awake.
I bolted out of the room and slammed the door. I held it shut. Mohawk Asshole and Chumdumpster were tugging on the knob. They were a couple of knobtuggers. I gotta remember that one.
A dozen assholes came around the corner and stopped when they saw me. The first thing I noticed about them was that every one of them had an M16 that was clean and shiny which suggested to me it was probably also in good working order. The second thing I noticed was that no matter what their gender or race or age every one of them had long blonde hair. Hair dye or wigs were used if necessary to achieve the look. I shall dub these assholes the Flirty Dozen.
I let go of the office door and kicked it in so it would knock over Asshole and Asshole Jr. I ran out the door that led to the factory floor and closed it behind me. There wasn't much point in doing that but I had to delay them any way that I could.
I looked at the Frankenbird. It was 50 metres away. Realistically I didn't have a chance. But if I surrendered I'd just end up spending 30 seconds lying on the ground looking up at the sky and thinking how much it sucks to not have a body anymore.
The door burst open and the Flirty Dozen poured out. I ran for it.
If any of you remember me talking about Chekhov's Gun in the last book you might remember that Chekhov's Gun is the idea that if you're gonna bring up a gun in a story it's pretty damn sure that the gun is gonna go off at some point. If not then why bring it up? But in fact not a single shot was fired in those pages. Sometimes reality isn't like the storybooks.
Well this time things were different cuz every one of those goddamn guns started going off while pointed in my general direction.
The dumbass mechanic was still under the hood. He looked confused. He must have thought the gunshots were backfires.
Then Mohawk Asshole shouted "Hold your fire! Pinto! Take cover!"
Dorktown had driven my Pinto right through the garage bay door. I'll forgive her for that. This was definitely an emergency and she was coming to my rescue.
No I wasn't. I was pissed off. I came to blow everything up.
Why didn't you?
Everyone ran away from the Pinto.
See why I like that car?
I slammed the hood of the Frankenbird down onto the mechanic's head. I pushed him out of the way and got the hood closed. I hoped into the Frankenbird and kicked it in the guts.
Dorktown was doing donuts and chasing away the assholes. I joined her for a bit of donutting and then we got the hell out of there.CHAPTER 04: Barstow

We were at the Route 66 Motel in Barstow and I was trying to get my head around what the hell kind of snafufiasco went down in Van Nuys.




"Well he's the president of the Gillies so obviously he has an army."
If slamming on the brakes would have had the desired dramatic effect while only traveling at 10 kays per hour I would have done it. But instead I simply took a deep breath and pulled over. We were only a couple blocks away from the plant.
"I thought the president of the Gillies was killed in the Cage."
"He was. Mohawk Asshole was the vice president."
"So Mohawk Asshole is in charge of the Gillies now?"
"Yeah."
"Are the Gillies a large organization?"
"Oh yeah."
"All over the USA?"
"All over the world."
I rested my head on the steering wheel.




"What is a Gilly?" I asked.
"A Gilly is someone who cuts the heads off of Hellies."
"What is a Helly?"
"You really don't know? It was your book and your website that turned me into a Helly. You taught me everything I know about politics."
"I write about economics."
"What's the difference?"
"Economics is the science of proving politics shouldn't exist. Politics is the art of pretending economics doesn't exist."
"You really don't know what a Helly is?"
"No."
"A Helly is someone who drops Gillies out of helicopters. A Helly is what we are. You and me."
"No fucking way. The only thing I know for sure about Hellies and Gillies is I am neither one of those things."
"You have to be one or the other. Anything in between is a compromise. Only evil stands to benefit from a compromise. It's like mixing water with poison."
"That's assuming there's only one dimension. A line defined by two points. There are other possibilities. Two or three or seven dimensions. I'm out there in the seventh dimension and the rest of you have all gone crazy."
We were parked beside an abandoned motel. I got out and looked up at the sky. What the fuck am I doing here?
Dorktown got out too. "Are we gonna assassinate this asshole or what?" she asked.
"We're not assassinating anyone. This isn't political."
"Can we drop him out of a helicopter anyway?"
"What is it with you and helicopters?"
"You know like Pinochet used to do. Drop the bad guys out of helicopters. Your mum used to work for him right?"
It was hard to piss me off but Dorktown had managed to find a way. I went around to her side of the car so I could properly tell her off.
"My mother was an economist. When she found out what Pinochet was doing she quit. She was no Helly. Neither am I. And neither are you! You got that?"
"Who the fuck are you to tell me who I am?"
"Your pop was the last person on this godforsaken earth with a real human heart beating in his chest. If he heard you talking like this you would have broken the last heart on earth."
Dorktown froze. And then... well Dorktown do you want to tell it?
Ok. You know how Firebird said it's hard to piss him off but I managed to do it?? Well it's hard to make me cry but Firebird managed to do it.
"My pop did hear me talking like this" I said. Goddammit I can't even fucking type this....
I can help. "What do you mean?" I asked.
Right. You said "What do you mean?"
And I told you that even though my pop was mute me and him had our own secret sign language. Mohawk Asshole wanted to find out where you'd gone when you left Australia and he was gonna beat it out of my pop. But since pop couldn't talk he needed a translator. That was me.
I watched him die. Mohawk Asshole made me watch my pop die. And the last thing I said to my pop was that I'd avenge him.
And what did your pop do?
His expression got all soft as it so often would. His eyebrows went up in the middle and he just shook his head no.





we're not retreating from MA. we're advancing on norwood.
