CHAPTER 00.

The old sign came down and the new one went up. The old sign read "The Gathering." The new sign read "Tomorrowland Weekend."
Carnival barking isn't my style so I paid some motherfucker to shout for me. "Tomorrowland Weekend! Tomorrowland Weekend! Where the Big Bang never happened!" He was a little too good at his job. My ears hurt.
The Gathering used to be this free event in the California desert where people came from all over the world to meet up with friends or family or whatever. But this year I'd bought the whole thing out and jazzed it up to look like a nonapocalyptic parallel universe called Tomorrowland. And I was charging admission.
Hundreds of motherfuckers were lined up at the gate. And I was the gatekeeper. Each one of these motherfuckers was just dying to pay me a hefty sum for a chance to pretend the bombs had never fallen.
And maybe pay another hefty sum for one of them Firebuddies I had for sale inside. The Firebuddy was a computer I'd invented. It was Firebuddy sales that had paid for this whole damn festival.
"Tomorrowland Weekend" the barker yelled. "Where the shoes have shoelaces. Where the cars have guzzoline. Where the streets are paved with asphalt."
Costumes were required. The idea was that you'd come here and feel like you'd really entered a parallel universe.
An impeccably-dressed man was at the front of the line.
"What are you dressed up as?" I asked.
"I'm an insurance salesman! Hi. How are ya. Nice weather we're having! Can I interest you in a policy?" He handed me his business card.
"Nailing it! Where'd you get the suit?"
"Found it in a bunker!"
"Far out." I handed him a ticket. "The briefcase is a nice touch."
Next guy had on a red hat and a yellow coat. He carried an axe. He offered me a fistful of coins for a ticket but I stopped him.
"Nice fireman gettup! That axe is in great shape. Wanna keep your shrapnel and barter me the axe instead?"
He took me up on the deal. He gave me the axe and a business card. I handed him a ticket.
A woman in blue was next.
"What are you?" I asked.
"I'm a police officer!" she said enthusiastically. "Have you done any crimes?"
"Crimes against humanity!" I replied.
"Remain silent!" she chuckled. I handed her a ticket. She started walking away but stopped and turned around. "Almost forgot" she said. She handed me her business card.
The business cards went into a Pac Man lunchbox. The coins went into a Six Million Dollar Man lunchbox. Both of them were overflowing.
Construction worker. Race car driver. Politician. Deep sea diver. Astronaut. The prewars were living out the childhood dreams that had been stolen from them. The postwars were dreaming of a better world they'd never known.
"Are you Firebird?" a teenage girl asked. She had an Australian accent.
"Used to be" I said. "Now I drive a 77 Ford Pinto Cruising Wagon. Might have to be known as Pinto from now on. What are you supposed to be? A homeless orphan? You can't wear that here. It breaks immersion."
"Will you sign my book?" she asked. She whipped out a copy of a book I'd written a little while back:

AWAITED: NONFICTIONAL DELUSION

She handed it to me. "Make it out to Torkdown."
"Dorktown?"
"Torkdown."
"To Dorktown...."
"How can I get to Tomorrowland?" she asked.
"Buy a ticket like everyone else" I told her.
"Not Tomorrowland Weekend" the girl said. "The real Tomorrowland. Like in your book."
"You buy a ticket." I was really trying to emphasize that part. "Then you go in. While you're in there maybe... maybe you swap timelines with another version of yourself and you teleport into the real Tomorrowland. Maybe not. Maybe you just buy a computer and you go home. Now you're holding up the line. You buying a ticket or what?"
"I don't have any money" she said.
"Ulfsbane!" I shouted. My bodyguard appeared and dragged the girl away.

There was a war going on between two massive tribes. The Hellies and the Gillies. I dunno where they got those names but it didn't matter cuz best I could tell they both had the same platform which was that they wanted to kill everyone in the other party. The Hellies' motto was "Embrace Your Inner Asshole" and the Gillies' motto was "Be A Righteous Asshole." I'm not flexible enough to embrace my asshole and I'd rather be wrongteous than righteous so I always tried to stay out of that shit. But they didn't make it easy. They'd start off by saying something like "We're the good guys" or "They're the bad guys" and I'd say something like "I'd rather not take sides" and they'd say "By not joining us you are taking a side. Their side." So I had heaps of enemies on both sides and few friends on either.

[girl sneaks back in and this time has Bruce with her]

The girl giggled. "I brought Bruce with me" she said.
Yeah his real name was Bruce but I referred to him as Mohawk Asshole. The name is kinda dumb but I gave it to him when I was ten so what can I say. He got his first name cuz he had a mohawk. He got his last name cuz he killed my family.
If you're wondering how I got my name it's cuz I stole Mohawk Asshole's Firebird on the day he killed my family and proceeded to drive it all over the world for the next few decades. But due to some unpleasantness that car ain't around no more.
Mohawk Asshole reached down and picked me up. I don't mean he helped me up. I mean my feet were off the ground. He had me by the neck.
I had my FP45 Liberator in my pocket. It was a crap gun and it only held one shot but one shot was all I'd need. The problem was I couldn't get my hand into my pocket cuz I was too busy supporting all of my body weight on Mohawk Asshole's arms in order to take some of the pressure off my neck.
"Help... police..." I choked. I could see the police officer talking to the astronaut just a few feet away. She looked at me and pointed and laughed.
Fortunately a dozen tomorrowlanders came to my defense. There ain't no laws anymore but that don't mean there ain't no rules. The tomorrowlanders surrounded Mohawk Asshole and told him the rule. "No fighting at The Gathering except for in The Cage."
"It's... Tomorrowland... Weekend..." I coughed.
"Fighting?" Mohawk Asshole asked. "We're not fighting. I'm just here to see my friend John."
"It's... Firebird...." Well my name is technically John Binns but if your name were Potty Wastebaskets you'd change it too.
The customers pulled out guns and knives and one cunt even had a basket hilted sword. They pointed all that pointy shit at Mohawk Asshole.
He put me down. I dusted myself off. "It's ok" I said. "This is my friend Bruce. Ulfsbane take over while we catch up."
Me and the girl and Mohawk Asshole headed back to my camping trailer.
On the way there I spotted a familiar face setting up her vendor's booth. "Oi!" I shouted. "Woolies for lunch?"
"You can chew on me bloody minge ya wanker" she replied.
"That's my girlfriend" I explained.
"Mad Skelli?!" the girl asked.
"The one and thankfully only" I said.
She ran over to get Skelli's autograph. I heard her asking Skelli if she was having lunch with "us."
"Jesus Christ" I muttered.
I looked over at my "friend" Bruce.
"I'm going to peel off your skin" he said.
"I'm going to scoop out your eyeballs with a spoon" I replied.
The girl ran back to us.
"Don't you want his autograph too?" I asked while jabbing my thumb at my archenemy.
"I already got his."
Once I had them both in the trailer I sat them down and shut the door.
"What the fuck do you want?" I asked.
They both started blabbering.
"You first" I said pointing at Mohawk Asshole.
"Thought I'd pay you a visit. Have a cuppa tea."
"I appreciate the buddy-buddy act" I told him. "But we both know it's an act."
"All right then" he said. "Give me my car back and I won't tell anyone your secret."
I reached into my shirt and took off a necklace I'd made out of the old Firebird's VIN plate. I tossed it to him. "That's all that's left of it."
He looked at the VIN plate and started reading aloud. He wasn't reading the letters and numbers though. He remembered what the letters and numbers meant. He was decoding them. He'd loved that car as much as I had. "Pontiac... Trans Am... 2 door coupe... 455 cubic inch 4 barrel V8... 1975...." He paused and looked up before translating the last letter. We both knew it by heart. It was the letter N.
"They ain't never gonna make another car like that again" I said.
"Why not?" the girl asked. "Why not make a new Firebird?"
I looked at the girl. I looked at Mohawk Asshole.
"Norwood" he said. He got up so fast he knocked over his chair. He ran out the front door of the trailer and started yelling at whoever would listen and also at whoever would not listen.
"There is no Tomorrowland!" he shouted. "Firebird's book is a heap of lies! Nobody has ever swapped timelines!"
That was the little secret he had offered not to tell.
"Nobody can swap timelines?" the girl asked.
"Correct."
The girl looked at me. "So that was... Mohawk Asshole? Not Bruce?"
"Correct."
She stood up. "Tomorrowland doesn't exist?"
"It exists in our hearts."
"I came all the way around the world."
"Tomorrowland is the friends you made along the way."
"Fuck you" she said. "I can kill him with or without you."
"Kill... who?" I asked.
She stormed out. I tried to go after her but she vanished into a growing crowd of agitated tomorrowlanders mulling about outside my trailer. I heard someone loudly mention the word "refund."
I tried to slam the front door but a sheila in a wedding dress reached in and tried to stab me with a kitchen knife. I had to slam the door on her arm a few times to get rid of her.
At this point I should probably clarify that the reason the tomorrowlanders all believed they could come to this event and teleport into another timeline known as Tomorrowland did indeed have something to do with that book I wrote. I'd claimed that I'd switched back and forth between timelines and visited a nonapocalyptic Tomorrowland on multiple occasions. I'd claimed that Mohawk Asshole had vanished into that universe and traded places with a Mr. Rogers version of himself named Bruce.
It was all just advertising. I was selling futuristic computers. I never expected anyone would actually believe they came from the future. But if they were willing to believe it I was willing to take their money.
A molotov cocktail flew through the window and smashed into pieces right on top of those futuristic computers. The Firebuddies were in flames.
Where's that damn fireman when you need him? I looked out the window. Turned out it was the fireman who was tossing the molotovs.
An angry mob was banging on the front door so I grabbed the axe and went out the back. I hopped into my Pinto Cruising Wagon. Silver with yellow and orange and purple stripes. The thing looked like sex on wheels but drove like a moose on rollerskates. No one was making new cars anymore. Now that my Firebird was gone an old Pinto with original paint was the best car money could buy.
I tried to get it started. I say tried cuz this car was no Firebird. It had one third the torque. One third the horsepower. And took three times as long to get started.
The angry tomorrowlanders heard me cranking the Pinto and came running around back.
The insurance salesman climbed onto the hood and banged his briefcase on the windscreen. The deep sea diver used their helmet to headbutt the side glass. The fireman lobbed another molotov and set the insurance guy on fire.
The engine finally turned over on its own power. I floored it and managed to shake off the flaming insurance guy. His briefcase flew open and papers went everywhere.
The whole event was now on fire and pissed-off tomorrowlanders were running in every direction. I headed for the main gate. My brand new Tomorrowland Weekend sign was on fire too. A group of Girl Scouts was rocking the scaffolding back and forth trying to pull it down.
The politician punched the carnival barker. The barker punched him back twice as hard. The race car driver was arguing with Ulfsbane. While Ulfsbane was distracted the astronaut grabbed the Six Million Dollar Man lunchbox full of coins and took off. Ulfsbane started to go after him but the race car driver tripped him.
As I neared the gate the scaffolding finally tipped. I gave it the bejeezus but the car bogged down. Yeah that damn car actually slowed down when you stepped on the throttle. I lifted up on the pedal and barely made it through the gate just in time to look in the mirror and see my beautiful sign smash onto the ground.
I stopped the car and got out. I'd put everything I had into this event. Now the whole thing was up in flames. Guess I should have bought that insurance policy.
I heard someone to my left trying to kickstart a motorbike. It was the astronaut with my lunchbox full of coins and he was about to escape. But I also heard someone to my right calling for help. It was the Aussie girl trapped under the burning scaffolding.
I looked left. I looked right.
Goddammit.
Skelli's gonna be pissed when she finds out she's paying for lunch.

We met up with Skelli at the Woolworth's diner in Bakersfield and sat down for some burgers and malts. I hid my face every time a tomorrowlander passed by.
"Isn't she a bit young for you?" Skelli asked.
"She's not my girlfriend."
"I'm his mission partner" she volunteered. "We want you to be our mission partner too."
"No she's not and no we don't. Just ignore her. She had too much sugar this morning. Listen. I need to borrow some money."
"You're the world's first postapocalyptic millionaire!" Skelli said. "What the fuck do you need to borrow money from me for?"
"You're the world's second postapocalyptic millionaire. Who else am I gonna borrow it from? I spent everything I had turning The Gathering into Tomorrowland Weekend. Now it's all gone."
"Not my problem" Skelli said.
"Ignore him" Dorktown said. "He hasn't had enough sugar this morning. Here's the deal. It says here in the book...."
I interrupted her. "The book is a heap of lies."
"Not all of it. You knew my pop. You wrote about him."
"Who's your pop?"
"You used to call him Messenger Kid."
Now let me explain who the fuck is Messenger Kid. I refuse to write a flashback because I fucking hate flashbacks. Time moves forward in a linear fashion. I ain't saying I'm happy about that. Especially when it comes to Messenger Kid. But if that's how time moves then stories should damn well move that way too. Anyway back when the world went to shit I found myself stuck in Australia. Skelli and Messenger Kid were the only friends I had. You'll just have to imagine the hijinks and shenanigans. Or read the damn book. Anyway Messenger Kid was the kind of friend who'd risk his ass for you and he wouldn't think nothing of it. Me and Skelli owed him our lives.
"My pop is dead" she said. "Mohawk Asshole killed him. I want you to help me kill Mohawk Asshole."
"Have you ever killed anyone?" Skelli asked.
"No but I've practiced smashing the skulls of dead kangaroos. Can't be much different."
"It's different."
"You killed Fake Cop." She was referring to Mohawk Asshole's best mate back in Australia.
"I did it to save a life. Not out of revenge. When we returned to put petrol in the Firebird we buried Fake Cop's body. When the world's gone mad you can't let go of your humanity." Skelli might not admit she ever said this but I assure you she did.
"Why not?" Dorktown asked.
I answered. "James Bond once said 'Before setting out on revenge you first dig two graves.'"
"I'll dig as many graves as it takes."
A man came to the table to ask if we were enjoying  the food.
"Yes!" Dorktown exclaimed. "I love this place. Are you the owner? I wanted to ask you about something." She got up and walked with him to the register.
"Sweet kid" Skelli said.
"She's a psychopath."
Dorktown pointed at a gorgeous vintage crossbow hanging on the wall and they exchanged a few words. The owner of the diner took it down and handed it to her. She admired it for a moment. She said a few more words and smiled. He reached under the counter and handed her a single arrow. She bent over the counter and kissed him on the cheek. She left with the crossbow.
"I thought you didn't have any money!" I said.
"I don't."
I laughed. "You might prove to be an asset after all. Did you promise to marry him when you got back from your mission?"
"No. I said I had to kill a maniac who killed my pop. He said his pop was killed by a maniac too and he'd do anything he could to help."
"Oh" I said.
"If Mohawk Asshole never swapped timelines with Bruce, why didn't you kill him when you had the chance?" she asked.
She had that damn book memorized. At last year's Gathering I'd faced off with him in The Cage.
I couldn't think of any more James Bond quotes so I stood up.



We all piled into the Pinto.
"Where are we headed?" Skelli asked.
"Norwood!" Dorktown said.
"Van Nuys" I said.

I'm writing this book in Year 38. The reason we call it Year 38 is cuz the Big Bang happened 38 years ago. That was Year Zero. I'm a prewar so I should know. I was there. Mohawk Asshole was there too. He was enjoying the war. Relishing it. For all I know he started the damn war. Skelli and Dorktown were postwars.
Not many people have written books in the past 38 years. Every book that gets written nowadays kinda has to be a history book and a philosophy book and a survival book too. So I'd be doing you a disservice if I didn't summarize what I know about how things got to be the way they are and maybe offer a tip or two about how to make things better.
The world used to be a much swankier place. Then the Big Bang came and took everything. Or I should say it took everything it could take. It couldn't take away our grit or guff or gumption or good old-fashioned American ingenuity. Yeah people are ingenious all over the world but back in those days America was the best place to be ingenious. The USA was the most prosperous country in history. It's easy to figure out all the things that the USA did wrong. But it's not so easy to figure out what exactly it was that the USA did right.
You probably think I'm a moneygrubbing monster who would have gone after that Astronaut with the Six Million Dollar Man lunchbox if only Dorktown had been a bloke and not a sheila. You can think that if you want. But I will not let you think for a moment that I don't have dreams. I will not let you think for a moment that I don't care about humanity. My entire life has been devoted to rebuilding the world. If I have a good time and make money doing it then that's all the better. When I invented the Firebuddy I reopened worldwide communication channels and reinvented money and brought back TV and movies. Now I was gonna bring back new cars. And what better car to start with than the greatest car of all time?
Second generation Pontiac Firebird Trans Ams like the 1975 model I used to have were assembled in two locations. Norwood Ohio and Van Nuys California. They were built between the years of 1970 (now known as Year -12) and 1981 (now known as Year -1). Body panels were stamped at Fisher factories in Ohio and engine blocks were cast in Michigan.
In 1982 (now known as Year Zero) the Big Bang put an end to all that. In Year 38 we were gonna do our damnedest to start it all back up again. Since Van Nuys was a lot closer than Norwood we'd head there first. If Mohawk Asshole had half a brain he'd be headed there too.
