














1982: A Mad Max story

Written by FIREBIRD

A narrative that takes place in the universe of Mad Max 1-3 and Heads Will Rock: A Chronicle Of Postapocalyptic Mayhem



























John "Firebird" Binns
wastelandfirebird@gmail.com
https://youareawaited.com/heads-will-rock
https://www.youtube.com/wastelandfirebird
FADE IN:
MUNDI MUNDI LOOKOUT - DAY

ZED is driving a big truck, whistling happy birthday, holding a music box in his hand. He looks over at the passenger seat, but we can't see what's there.

CUT TO:
MUNDI MUNDI LOOKOUT - DAY

MAX pushes his black-on-black Ford Falcon westward on a desolate highway. We don't see his face at first. We see his boots. We see him from a distance. We see his car. [OPTIONAL] We see his dog. 

Time passes and the day grows hotter. Max slips and struggles as he begins to ascend the hill to Mundi Mundi Lookout. We finally see Max's face. He is frustrated.

Just as we first saw Max's boots, now we first see WEZ's boots as he walks. Wez is carrying a jerry can of fuel. Max notices Wez, and more importantly, the can in Wez's hand. Max stops pushing and leans on the boot of his car, breathing heavily. Max waits for Wez to catch up.

WEZ
Have you seen a truck come through here?

MAX
Maybe. (Looks in the direction of the jerry can).

WEZ
I used to work for 7 Sisters Petroleum. This is all that I have left.

Max turns around and starts to push his car again.

WEZ
Half of what's in here if you tell me where that truck is.

Max shakes his head. Wez moves to the front of the car to help push and steer.

WEZ
The driver of that truck killed my wife and maybe my unborn child. When I found her, her stomach was cut open. (Notices photo of a woman and child on the centre of Max's steering wheel). Is that your family?

Max abruptly gets between Wez and the car. 

MAX
(Briefly glances over Wez's shoulder into the distance). Look. That can for the location of the truck. Have we got a deal or what?

WEZ
Half.

Max disarms a booby trap. He opens up the petrol cap. Wez pours a bit in and stops. Max grabs the can and shakes it. He sighs and hands it back to Wez. Max prepares to leave.

WEZ
Where is he?

Max looks up into the distance behind Wez. Wez turns to follow his gaze. We see the truck approaching.





