CHAPTER 03
YEAR 30, MONTH 11
NARRATOR: FIREBIRD

I'd spent the past few years in Las Diablas California improving my computer prototypes and saving up money to drive to New Jersey. I finally had enough money to head east and grab them silver bars. Then I could start mass producing my computers and rebuilding the world.

The archetypical American road trip was always to head west toward the wide open spaces and laid back attitudes. I hoped my reverse road trip would turn out better for me than it did for them blokes in Easy Rider.

The cities were smashed but cunts heard me coming and emerged from the rubble. They flagged me down and offered me petrol at exorbitant prices which I happily paid. If petrol were cheap then everyone would be taking road trips. As it was I had the country to myself.

Route 66. Joshua Tree. Saguaros. Grand Canyon. I'd never seen any of this shit except in pictures. Looked just as good after the Big Bang as it had before. Better now cuz no one else was here. Hell is other tourists.

Monument Valley. Arches. Natural bridges. Wile E. Coyote and Road Runner. Plymouth paid Warner Brothers a heap of money to put Road Runner decals on them cars. The horn even made the Road Runner sound. Meep meep motherfucker. Jonathan Richman was on the radio.

I don't know how it was possible but there was someone on the radio on every goddamn kilometer of Route 66. I felt like Kowalski in Vanishing Point with the DJ leading him home. Or them kids in The Warriors. Civilization was gone but weirdos in remote outposts still spent all day and night shouting into the void and playing records for no one. I heard ads occasionally but there was no way those ads were paying for all of this. These people loved what they did. And I loved what they did. The radio kept me going when I had no petrol. It kept me going when I had no food. It kept me going when I had no water. If I'd had no air I would have breathed the music.

When I was a kid I recorded songs off the radio cuz I couldn't afford the records. I'd be pissed when the DJ would walk all over my music. One time I got a record for my birthday. Heart Of Glass. I listened to that record a lot. But sometimes I'd still play my tape recording of the song because I missed hearing the DJ's voice over it.

I was cannonballing through Arizona about to hit New Mexico when a DJ saved my life.

"You're listening to Uranium Springs Radio" he said. "Get your fix on Route 66. Follow us all the way home. Coast to coast proof you're never alone. Shut up and listen I've got what you've been missing. I am The Swede and I've got what you need. Here's the news. Stay away from the crossroads in Gallup. It's a birthday bash you do not wanna crash. Go dark. Go quiet. And go at night. This has been the news. Now back to the music. Rush. Spirit of Radio."

When I got close to Gallup I stopped and waited for night to fall. I turned off the headlights and took the side streets.

It was immediately clear what intersection he was talking about. An overpass came into view. Chockablock with assholes frolicking about and playing Twister and burning cars and shit. They were doing bad things to people who I hoped deserved it but who I suspected did not.

Thanks for the tip Swede.

Texas. Driving distills the experience of navigating through space into its purest form.

Oklahoma. Driving is a primal act.

Missouri. Every creature that's capable of locomotion needs to be able to remember its way around. How to find the way back to that spot where there was water. How to avoid that spot where there was a bear. It's what we share with the mice and the fish and the cockroaches and the dinosaurs.

Illinois. When you need to remember a list there's a trick you can use where you envision each item sitting in a different room of your childhood home. Later when you need to recall that list you imagine walking through the house and seeing each item in each room. The reason this works is because our memory of places is our most fundamental type of memory.

Indiana. I made up a list of items to remember as a game to keep me awake. I imagined a glass of water on the floor in the foyer of our house in New Jersey. A bear sitting in a chair in the library. A mouse running across the TV in the family room. A fish swimming through the air in the kitchen. A cockroach on a plate in the dining room. A dinosaur in the living room. A bunch of silver bars in my parents' bedroom.

Ohio. I tested myself. Foyer: Water. Library: Bear. Family room: Mouse. Kitchen: Fish. Dining room: Cockroach. Living room: Dinosaur. Parents' bedroom: Silver bars. I remembered the list.

Pennsylvania. Water. Bear. Mouse. Fish. Cockroach. Dinosaur. Silver bars.

New Jersey. It had been thirty years but I still knew how to find the place. Maybe Mom and Dad and Sis would be there waiting and we could start all over again.

When I arrived it was a dark night with no moon. I camped out in a wooded area by our house where I used to try to take my bike over these jumps we'd made out of piles of dirt.

The sun woke me up. I opened my eyes and crawled out of the car.

The trees were blackened trunks with no branches. The entire neighborhood was gone. Houses and mailboxes and flowerbeds and bicycles and above ground pools. Gone. The charred remnants were overgrown with weeds.

I stepped into my house. What used to be my house. What used to be my home. I kicked over the blackened boards that were once the walls of my bedroom.

I found Dad's safe sitting half obscured in the brush. The door was hanging off its hinges. The silver was gone.

All that was left in the safe was a reel of movie film. The fire hadn't gotten to it but the elements had. I held a piece up to the sky. It crumbled in my hands.



I preferred the dry heat out west anyway. I had enough money to get back but my dream of setting up a computer factory was gonna have to wait.

I wanted to make one more stop. I visited New York City once as a kid. I remembered being brought to tears by the works of Monet at the Metropolitan Museum of Art. I decided to drive into the city and see what was left of it.

Nowadays they called it Rotten Apple. The buildings were bombed out even worse than O'Sydney. Few were even standing. Anything that could help with survival had been looted. People crawled in and out of doorways like rats. Rats crawled in and out of doorways like people.

There was still a chance that some of the great works of art might still be around. When you're hungry and everyone else is hungry what's the point of stealing art? I headed for The Met. I had to stop every now and then to hook a tow strap onto an abandoned vehicle so I could tug it out of the way.

There was no human life within sight of the museum. I took that as a good sign. I parked my car and locked it and cut all the kill switches.

As soon as I stepped into the museum a heap of cunts with guns and knives stopped me.

"You have to pay admission to visit the museum" one woman said.

"You own the place?" I asked.

"We protect it" she replied.

"Is the art still here?"

"Most of it."

"What about the Monets?"

"All of them are here."

She pointed to a pin on her jacket. It read "Monet Preservation Society."
    
"So you don't own the place but you protect the place and I pay you to look at the art?"

"Right."

"Fair dinkum."

I paid their admission fee and one of them cunts followed me around. An old geezer. I could still make out the museum's name on his ancient jacket.

"How long you been working here?" I asked.

"Forty years" he said.

The geezer led me to the Monets. When the woman at the door had said "all of them are here" I thought she meant that all the ones that used to be here were still here. But no. She meant like everything by Monet was here. Not literally everything Monet ever painted but they'd collected heaps of his stuff from all over the world. They were thumbtacked all over the museum walls.

Monet used reality as an excuse to paint. When I visit a place I've been before it's the same dumb place every time. When Monet visited a place he'd been before he saw it again for the first time. The light had changed. The weather had changed. The season had changed. The water shimmered in a new way. Monet was like a puppy. He was surprised and overjoyed to wake up every goddamn day. Every work contains a hidden joke. Every stroke contains frivolity. He used to say "I like to paint as a bird sings." Viewing a Monet is an active process. You can't properly appreciate a Monet while seated. You gotta approach the painting then step back then look away then look back. You gotta laugh and cry and experience moments of revelation. A work by Monet is a three dimensional object. More sculpture than painting. A Monet can't be properly reproduced in a book or on a poster. Just like the scenes he painted a Monet painting will look vastly different depending on how it's lit. Light it from above and you'll see shiny reflections on the tops of the globs of paint and shadows underneath. Light it from below and it will change like the face of a person pointing a flashlight upward at their chin. The colors Monet created did not exist in the palettes of other artists. They had not existed anywhere on earth until Monet dreamed them up. Van Gogh was a better painter but Monet had more fun.

Tears ran down my cheeks just like they'd done when I was a kid. I have to admit it was nice to see that some of the old world was still around and doing ok.

On the way out they made me walk by their gift shop which consisted of a couple folding tables. They had shirts that said "Monet Preservation Society" on them so of course I bought one.

I was getting into my car when I heard the glorious roar of V8s in the distance. Maybe even some V12s. It might have been a bunch of crazies out for blood but I didn't care. I had to go and find out.

Dozens of cars were pouring out out of a parking building and gunning it headed west. All kinds of cars. A Ferrari Dino. An Aston Martin Vantage. A Lamborghini Countach. A Chevy Vega. Pretty much every car had a motherfucker hanging out the passenger window with a big scary gun of some sort.

The sign on the building read "Red Ball Garage." Where have I heard that name before?

I couldn't get my car in there while everyone was coming out so I parked outside and walked in. There were cunts in there signing and handing time cards to each driver. I asked them what the fuck was going on.

It was the Cannonball Baker Sea To Shining Sea Memorial Trophy Dash. The real life Cannonball Run. The famous illegal race from New York to LA. Rotten Apple to Las Diablas. They were still doing it after all these years.

The prize money was big. And there was no punishment for losing. Most of these fuckers were just there for a good time. 

Fuck yes I entered the race. The entrance fee was half of my gas money home but I'd figure something out. This was a once in a lifetime opportunity.

Did the fact that there weren't any laws to break take away from the fun? Fuck no it didn't. We drove as fast as we could as long as we could and we felt the wind in our hair. No anxiety and no worries. Well except for the gangs of highway robbers and shit. Ok maybe there were worries but the worries were different.

Somewhere in Ohio I flew by those fuckers in the Lamborghini. They were broken down on the side of the road. They had the decklid up and they were staring at the engine with big question marks over their heads. I figured out how I'd pay my way back to Las Diablas.

I turned around and went back. I charged those rich fucks big bucks to get their V12 purring again. 

I fixed four or five more cars along the way. I got home with shrapnel to spare.

Who won? Who gives a shit.

This little story of the crazy stuff that's happened in my life has now caught up to me and I will now be writing it all down as it happens. From here on out I'll be experiencing it all right along with you. Who knows how it's going to end? No one knows!

In the Cannonball Run movie Dom DeLuise's character could suddenly turn into a whole different version of himself he called Captain Chaos. He'd always sing a little musical motif before he changed. Right now I'm gonna hand the story over to my own personal Captain Chaos. Maybe I should come up with my own theme music for this. Doot doo doobee doowha. Nah fuck that's not gonna work. Just fucking read it.