[John]

My life was boring, but I was happy.

My name is John. I grew up in New Jersey, but I spent most of my life in Texas.

Mom was a prominent economist. She was known as the "Chicago Gal" because she'd studied at the University of Chicago. She spent some time in Chile helping them get their economy off the ground. Dad's a retired radiologist. Nowadays he's a maker. I'd be more specific, but really, he can make anything.

My first job was videotaping weddings and church services. I majored in Computer Science but minored in Film and Photography. I'd spent a lot of time around video and film cameras. My friends and I had shot and edited six skateboarding videos over the course of six years. I'd always been a film buff.

Some people are into Star Wars. Some are into Indiana Jones. Some are into Back to the Future. For me, it had always been Mad Max.

Shortly after taking a job as a software engineer in Phoenix, Arizona, I heard about an annual event in California called Wasteland Weekend. Wasteland Weekend looks and feels like a Mad Max movie. Everyone crafts intimidating costumes and some even build frightening vehicles. Many people come up with a character to play. Most of them have detailed backstories. The goal is immersion. When you're there, you feel like you've entered a different world.

I'd bought a ticket. My life was about to get weird and interesting.

My favorite Mad Max character had always been Scrooloose of the Lost Tribe, AKA the Waiting Ones. He's the weird, mute, gothy kid in Thunderdome who spends most of his time alone, doing his own thing. As an introvert who had never fit in anywhere, I'd always identified with Scrooloose the most.

Rather than dress up as Scrooloose, I decided to make him part of my backstory. I imagined that Scrooloose and I had been friends but we'd become separated.

In the movie, Scrooloose carries around a Bugs Bunny doll. I found an antique doll just like it for sale online, and I bought it. My plan was to find a stranger dressed as Scrooloose, and give the bunny to them as a gift. Maybe I'd turn an imaginary friend into a real one.

I spent weeks customizing a leather motorcycle jacket that had started out looking like the one Peter Fonda wore in Easy Rider. I'd distressed the racing stripes. I'd added 70s-style auto racing patches, punk rock spikes, and hidden ventilation grommets so I could keep the jacket on in 100-degree weather. I figured no one would remember anyone's name so I included a nametag patch. I put Bugs in the chest pocket of the jacket and zipped it up so only his head was showing. 



I drove my 1975 Pontiac Firebird Trans Am from my apartment in Phoenix, Arizona to Damnation Valley in California City, California. The Trans Am didn't have any fake guns mounted on it or anthing, but I figured since the Mad Max apocalypse had happened in the 80s, any pre-1980 car would be a cool car to bring. It didn't really matter because you can bring any car you want. You just won't be able to bring your car into the themed areas unless your car is themed, too.

I loved that car more than anything. Dark blue, with a light blue bird on the hood. Two tone, red and white interior. They'd only made 857 Trans Ams with the 455 that year. This was the only one they'd made in that color combination. One of a kind. The rumor I'd heard when I bought the car was that it had been special ordered in red, white, and blue because the Bicentennial was coming up and the guy wanted to drive it in parades.

When I arrived at the event, I found a place to park and camp. I'd be sleeping in my car. 

I got into character and introduced myself to my neighbor, Christine. I asked her if she knew Scrooloose or if she'd seen anyone matching his description. No luck.

I headed into Wasteland City at the center of the event. Along the way I checked out the cars. There was a mixture of newer cars, older cars, and military vehicles. All were covered in dirt and many had bull bars, spikes, and fake weapons welded to them.

Toecutter rode by in the back seat of an old convertible. He stared at me freakishly and whispered, "Cheer up." Aunty Entity watched over the city gates. Lord Humungus was DJing on a stage. I didn't see anyone dressed as Scrooloose.

I asked everyone I met if they knew Scrooloose. The answer was always no, but everyone promised to ask around and try to help connect us.

I danced. I delivered a letter for the wasteland's post office. I ate a brownie someone handed to me. I got my hair cut at the Body Shop.

The babe who cut my hair told me about a big celebration coming up in Australia for the 40th anniversary of Mad Max. It was a year and a half away. I'd always wanted to visit Australia. A trip to where it all began--or where it all ended--would be the ultimate pilgrimage.

When I returned to camp, Christine was sitting by the fire. We shared our stories.

Christine asked if I'd been to the memorial yet. I said no. 

She explained that it was a small structure at the top of the hill, built to pay tribute to wastelanders that were no longer with us. 

"You should go," she said.



The next evening I walked up to the memorial at sunset. I couldn't believe what I saw.

His name was painted in large letters on rusty sheet metal.


     SCROOLOOSE
     Lance A. Moore II


I'd spent the past week playing a character looking for an old friend. I'd expected I'd either find him, or leave having not found him. Discovering his name on the memorial was a highly unexpected sort of closure. 

Standing at the memorial, I was no longer playing a character.

I perpetually, desperately need the catharsis I feel when I'm crying, but I have trouble letting it out. Instead, I always focus on what I can do, or how I can fix things. It's so hard for me to just let go, and give in to the pain. Mom had died of cancer that winter, but I hadn't cried. I hadn't cried in years. 

But now, tears were streaming down my face. I was crying over the death of someone I'd never met.

And I was crying for my mother. I was crying over death itself. I was crying over decay, rust, fire, entropy, ephemerality, destruction, loss, and the fact that, one day, the sun would grow large enough to swallow the earth, and all the works of Monet.

Monet used reality as an excuse to paint. When I visit a place I've been before, it's the same place. When Monet visited a place he'd been before, he saw it again for the first time. The light had changed. The weather had changed. The season had changed. The water shimmered in a new way. Like a puppy, Monet was surprised and overjoyed to wake up every day. Every work contains a hidden joke, every stroke contains frivolity. Eschewing formal techniques, he said, "I like to paint as a bird sings." Viewing a Monet is an active process. One cannot sit down and properly appreciate a Monet. One must approach the painting, then distance oneself, then look away for a moment and look back. One must laugh, and cry, and experience moments of revelation. A painting by Monet is a three-dimensional object, more sculpture than painting. A Monet cannot be reproduced. Like Monet's vistas themselves, a Monet painting will look vastly different depending on how you light it. Light it from above, and you'll see specular reflections on the tops of the globs of paint and shadows beneath. Light it from below, and it will change like the face of a person pointing a flashlight upward at their chin. The colors Monet created existed only on his palette. The colors didn't exist in the palettes of other artists and, in fact, don't exist on earth. Van Gogh was a better artist, but Monet had more fun.

One day soon, all of the words I've written will be forgotten. One day, much later, all of Monet's paintings will be gone, too.

Like Halloween or the Day of the Dead, Wasteland is a celebration of death. Memento moris are everywhere. Wastelanders share articles online about imminent apocalypse with captions like "Bring it on." But why would anyone celebrate death? 

I unzipped my chest pocket, took out the Bugs Bunny doll, and placed it on the memorial. I'd turned my imaginary friend into a real one.

I was no longer merely a Wasteland Weekend attendee. I was a wastelander. This is my story. But it's not just my story.

It's not a character, it's a persona. It's not a costume, it's an outfit. It's not immersion, it's just life.

I knew at that moment that I'd be back at Wasteland next year, and every year after that. I'd be at all the smaller local events. It was time to start planning my pilgrimage to Australia.

A closure can be a new beginning.



I came down from the memorial a changed person. 

But it was not just me that had changed. The world around me looked very different, too.

Several people looked more like beggars than Mad Max extras. One woman was covered in what looked like real blood. There was no amplified music. There was music, but it was coming from people singing, banging on things, and playing acoustic instruments. 

I encountered a very tall War Boy on his way up to the memorial. I gave him the "Wasteland Salute," which is two middle fingers, crossed.

"Wasteland!" I said.

"What's Wasteland?" he asked, in an accent I didn't recognize.

"What do you call this place?" I asked the War Boy.

"The Gathering."

"What's the Gathering?"

"It's where we come to find thems we're looking for and thems we've lost."

"Lost?"

"Lost. In the Big Bang."

On the way back to my camp, I noticed the cars had somehow become older and rustier. Many were still weaponized and intimidating. The weapons were less wild, more realistic. Maybe real. Now, every car I saw was a pre-1980 model.

I looked down at my wrist. My Wasteland Weekend wristband was gone. There was more dirt on my clothing. The patches on my jacket had different logos on them and had aged. The racing stripes had changed color.

Maybe I'd traveled back in time and ended up in some war-torn country.

Maybe I was having a stroke.

Or maybe it was that brownie I ate. I'd always been a teetotaler. I'd always hated the idea of drugs. I don't have claws or sharp teeth. My mind is my tool of survival. Even if I'd enjoyed drugs, I'd have want to know what I'd taken. Whatever drug this was, it was not a pleasant experience. I didn't know who I was, or where I was. Losing control this way was the worst feeling I'd ever felt.

I started to panic.

I found my car keys, or someone's car keys, in my right pocket. There was a heavy bag of coins in my left. I no longer had my wallet or my phone. 

I found my car, right where I'd parked it, but it was now dented, rusted, and scratched. It couldn't have been vandalized. The damage had clearly happened over decades. I'd heard people on LSD might look in a mirror and see their face melting or something like that. Maybe it was all in my head. I hoped it was.

Christine was gone. I had a new neighbor, or at least, she was new to me. I wasn't new to her. She gave me a look of pleasant recognition and waved me over.

She carried an air of calm, peace, and acceptance. These things were just what I needed in that moment.

She was cooking meat for tacos. I was hungry. Maybe I was dehydrated, or my blood sugar was low. Maybe it was my electrolytes. If you drink water, but don't take in enough food, you can get water intoxication.

She handed me a taco.

"Have we met?" I asked.

"Yes," she answered. "I'm Lioness."

"Who am I?"

She gave me a funny look. "A few hours ago you were Firebird. Who are you now?"

"That's what I'm trying to figure out."

"Are you ok?"

"I might have hit my head or something."

She turned off the grill and checked my head for injuries. "Did it happen in the Cage?"

"What's the Cage?"

"No fighting at the Gathering, except for in the Cage."

The Cage sounded like a place I'd prefer to stay out of. "No. I don't think so. I don't know," I said. "Maybe I took something. I'm sure I'll be fine, once whatever this drug is wears off. Have you seen my wallet and phone?"

"I haven't seen a working phone in decades. You should probably get some rest."

She walked with me to the Firebird. I put the keys in the door and they worked. I got in. This is my car. It must be. I have the keys.

But who am I?

I looked down at my nametag. It was covered in dirt and barely legible, but I could just make it out. It no longer read, "John." It read, "Firebird."

I looked at my face in the rearview mirror. I pulled up my sleeve, and found the freckle on my right arm that I used to stare at in elementary school when I was bored. Ok, this is my body. Sort of. Some things are different but I'm still me.

I jumped at the sound of someone trying to open the locked passenger side door. I looked over and... oh my god.

She was just my type. And the way she looked at me. Her pupils were wide. Her eyes were bright. She didn't just know me. She loved me. I had no idea who she was, but I could see that she loved me. I don't think anyone has ever looked at me that way, before or since. After about five dumb seconds of staring, I was pretty sure that I loved her, too. I unlocked the door, and a flood of joy and beauty poured in. Her arms were around me. She was kissing me. I was reunited with a lover I'd never met.

"I've missed you," she said. She had an amazing Australian accent.

"I've... missed you too," I said. Somehow it felt right to say that.

I'm not going to turn this into pornography but I have to mention something. I've always liked women who are smart, but also primal. I've never been a germaphobe. The fact that humans mated successfully for a hundred thousand years before soap, shaving, and deodorant is proof that some forgotten part of us loves dirty, hairy, smelly sex. And I did love it. We loved it.

I have a body here, I have a history here, I have possessions here. I even have someone who loves me. Lost as I felt, at least I had a partner.

I had to explain to her what was happening as best I could. I didn't even know her name.

"I'm sorry, but I'm out of it today."

"You sound like you're from Texas! You really are an American now, aren't you?

"How do I usually sound?"

"I don't knouow." To every word, she added several mellifluous vowels they only have in Australia. "It's been ten years. Last time I saw you, you talked like me. Now you sound like Johnny Cash. I like it."

"I think I have amnesia."

She started gently feeling my head for injuries. "Noggin be right."

"I think I'll be ok, but right now I have some stupid questions."

"Like what?"

"What's my name?"

"It's written on your jacket, dumb arse."

"What's your name?"

She hadn't realized how serious this was. She sighed. "I'm Mad Skelli... and I love you, Firebird."

"Mad Skelli.... I think I love you, too."

Her face fell. I didn't expect that. "Who the f*** are you?" she said. 

Then she punched me in the face. I really did not expect that.

She got out of the car. "Go suck a cactus," she said, slamming the door.

I passed out. Or fell asleep. At this point, I couldn't tell the difference.



When morning came, I woke up, and everything was normal again. Thank the universe. That was a cool dream, or drug trip, or whatever. I was glad it was over.

Or at least I thought it was over, until the world started bouncing back and forth again, this time more quickly. Looking out the windshield, I could watch things change before my eyes. It alternated between Wasteland Weekend and something like it, but more real. Sometimes it would last a few seconds. Sometimes it would last a few minutes.

A note appeared on the dashboard. Like, literally appeared, out of nowhere. It was written in handwriting similar to mine. It read, "Hi."

I replied by adding to the note. "Hi."

Things kept bouncing. Every time I returned to my world, the note got a little longer, and I'd add something to it as well. 

I seemed to be communicating with a counterpart who was experiencing something similar to what I was experiencing. My counterpart and I pieced together what was happening through our notes. 

It wasn't the world that was changing. My consciousness seemed to be trading places with another version of me in another timeline. 

Firebird and I had once been the same person. Our lives had diverged when we were young. 

But for some reason, now, our lives were converging again. We were both being handed an unprecedented opportunity to see the world that could have been.

I couldn't meet Firebird face-to-face, but I could become him, and he could become me. Hopping between timelines wasn't time travel. Firebird's world was an alternate version of the present.

I explained Wasteland Weekend. He explained the Gathering.

I wrote down an explanation of how to use my phone. He left instructions for how to use a chunky laptop-sized computer he'd built that was sitting in the back seat of his car. We used my phone to make videos for each other. He explored Google, YouTube, Wikipedia, eBay, and Facebook. We pieced together the similarities and differences between our lives. 

It was at this point that we started composing this manuscript, keeping copies in both timelines.

When I was a kid, my family canceled a trip to Australia so my dad could take a job in New Jersey. Firebird's dad turned that job down, and his family took the trip. When I left home, I moved to Texas. Firebird's family died, and he got stranded in Australia. I acquired a Texas accent. He acquired an Australian one.

It's been said if a butterfly flaps its wings in a certain way, it can cause a tornado. A butterfly flew right in my world, wrong in Firebird's world, and nothing's been the same since. My world went on to experience the greatest successes humanity has ever seen. His world burned.

We call Firebird's timeline Epoxyclypse. We call mine Tomorrowmorrowland. 

You don't have to believe it. I'm not sure I believe it. I can tell you what I've experienced. You can call it autobiography, fiction, or delusion.



Firebird and I were hitting it off until I got to the part about Mad Skelli.

From that point on, this document became the world's first unauthorized autobiography. Or more precisely, it became an adversarially collaborative autobiography.  

I know a lot of you don't believe it's possible to teleport between parallel universes. I wouldn't have believed it either, if it hadn't happened to me. I bet lot of you think Firebird and I are the same person. So let's have a moment of adversariality.

Firebird is about to go into a tirade, and I want to make it clear that I disagree with him on two points.

First, mental illnesses are real. They aren't caused by one's problems, or one's outlook. Mental illnesses happen for no reason at all. You shuffle some genes, mix up some chemicals, fire some neurons, and something goes wrong. I'd never presume to judge someone suffering from mental illness, especially when it's quite possible that I myself might have some undiagnosed condition.

Second, I'm a Texas liberal. I'm a Texas vegetarian, too. A Texas vegetarian only eats meat on weekends. A Texas liberal wants a smaller government but still wants the government to organize the process of paying for everyone's education and health care. A government should defend people, educate people, and provide for people's health and welfare. Especially if those people's souls weren't lucky enough to be instantiated into the minds, bodies, and circumstances necessary to allow them to properly flourish on their own.

All right Firebird, now it's your turn.