[Firebird]

This year I was on site at Damnation Valley long before the Gathering even began. I was gonna be ready to find who I had to find and fight who I had to fight. I parked where me and John always parked so we could trade places. I'd brought a heap of brand new Firebuddy 2s to sell.

I hadn't seen Deadline since the Cannibal Run. If I'd even seen him there. I'd communicated with John about that but either he was playing dumb or he was truly clueless.

A military truck appeared in the distance. It was towing a folding radio tower.

I got out of my car and waved. The suspense was killing me.

The truck pulled up.

Swede climbed out of the driver's side.

Deadline jumped out of the passenger side. He was in disguise but it was him all right. "What's buzzin cousin?" he asked.

I hugged both of them cunts. I pointed at Deadline and told Swede "I found your news guy. It was the Twinkie on the chair that tipped me off."

Deadline had a camera on him like the one I'd seen at the Cannibal Run only smaller.

"How many photos per second can that thing shoot?" I asked.

"There's no film to advance so it's quick as a bunny" Deadline answered. "It's the Firebuddy's interface that's too slow."

"I can speed that up" I said. "All we need now is a digital audio recorder and we'd have a digital movie camera."

Swede and Deadline looked at each other and laughed.

"I've been using digital audio at the station for years" Swede said. "I can't be everywhere at once. And I sleep sometimes too. Sometimes we even sell an ad." He pulled a little box out of his pocket and pressed a button. The box started talking in Swede's voice. "I'm the Swede and I've got what you need. This is Bob Crosby And The Bobcats with Way Back Home."

I pulled a Firebuddy 2 out of my backpack. That's right you fuckers. It fits in a backpack now. You thought I'd been slack?

After the Cannibal Run we'd gotten a new factory up and running in no time. Mohawk Asshole's factory was producing ripoff Assholebuddies but they were last year's model and the quality control was shit and no one wanted them.

Mohawk Asshole stole a factory and let my ideas wither and die. Not sexy at all. Skelli stole my ideas and added her own smarts to them. Sexy as fuck. 



By midnight I had the digital movie camera working.

When morning came I tried it out. I'd mounted it on a cart. Each of the components was portable on its own but the combination of all three wasn't. Not yet.

The first digital film footage taken in the Epoxyclypse timeline is of me and Swede and Deadline in Damnation Valley sitting around telling the story of our invention. We replayed it and it looked great.

Now me and John could make film versions of this manuscript in both timelines. We were gonna give them back their movie stars. No way I was destroying my car for a movie though. Why did John even suggest that? The closest my car came to being destroyed was when I knocked that Gremlin out of the Cannibal Run.

The next vehicle to arrive at the Gathering was a Holden Sandman. Nice one too. I hadn't seen one of those since I'd left Straya.

Then I saw the side of it.


    MS INDUSTRIES
    WHAT'S-LEFT-O'SYDNEY AUSTRALIA


I stood up. Mad Skelli got out of the van.

The sun was rising behind her. And would you look at her. Just look at her. The next generation. A goddamn captain of industry.

"I've missed you" I said.

"I don't even know who you are anymore" she replied.

"Last time I wasn't myself. It's a long story. I wrote it down. You wanna read it?"

"I'm just here to sell computers. What happened last time doesn't matter. What mattered was that you were gone for ten years." She smiled distantly but gave me a long hug.

I was about to learn some kind of lesson so it was a good thing that at that moment an arrow fell from the sky and ripped a gash out of my leg.

We looked up to see a dust cloud billowing in the distance. Mohawk Asshole was cruising our way in a buggy with a heap of cars behind him.

He'd brought friends. Wait. He doesn't have friends. Well except for that one Skelli bumped off. They're mercenaries.

Deadline said "Those guys are looking for trouble. We gotta burn rubber. Can you walk?"

Thunk. Another arrow. This one hit the Firebuddy that was powering our movie camera.

"Fuck off" I shouted into the distance. "We're trying to make history here."

"I can walk" I said. "I'm deciding if I'm going to."

Thunk. This one? This one hit my badass car.

"Gather round everyone" I said. I hopped over to my car and opened the trunk.

Yeah I still had them terrorist guns. Heaps of ammo too. How many people did you think I murdered in my youth? What kind of a monster do you think I am?

Skelli's face lit up. She grabbed the biggest gun I had. MAG 58. "Nice" I said.

Swede chose the L1A1. "A man who knows his guns" I said.

Deadline grabbed my FP-45 Liberator. Mass-produced by General Motors at a cost of two dollars each. Single shot. Bolt action. The only gun in history that may never have actually killed anyone. "Ok" I said.

I grabbed the PSG1 with a bipod and scope and laid on the ground.

"Take out the leader with the mohawk" I said. "The rest of them will back off as soon as they realize they ain't getting paid. Let's facefuck this fuckface."

Then a school bus pulled in between us. Deliberately blocking my shot. It was joined by several more cars.

The first tribe of Gathering attendees had arrived. A heap of them got out of their cars and surrounded us. They were not going to let us have it out. There was no single person in charge telling us we couldn't fight. It was just a rule we all lived by at the Gathering. We were being detained by a crowd of temporary pacifists.

"No fighting at the Gathering except for in the Cage" someone said. They grabbed me and put me in handcuffs. See what I mean when I say anarchy and government ain't so different?



Since the fight was really just between me and Mohawk Asshole they were gonna have me and him duke it out in the Cage that night. They would have thrown us in the Cage right then and there but the Cage wasn't put together yet and my leg was fucked up.

They had a medical truck and a security truck. First I was gonna visit one then I was gonna visit the other.

A doctor in the medical truck fixed up my leg. Yeah I had to pay her. Doctor ain't gonna doct for free.

Then they dragged me to my cell in the back of the security truck.

I had a cellmate. Good thing we were both chained to the walls.

"Little Shit" he said.

"Mohawk Asshole" I said.

He laughed. "Is that what you call me? I like it. How long ago was it that I killed your family?"

"Let's see. I've had my badass car for... thirty-seven years."

"And in all that time we've never had a chance to talk."

"Sure we have. I drive by. You yell something like 'That's my car' or 'I'll kill everyone you love.'"

"And you say 'Attachment leads to suffering.'"

"Those were my mother's last words."

"Were you attached to your family?"

"Were you attached to your car?"

"That car was the first thing I ever expropriated. Took it from the CEO of an oil company."

"You have excellent taste. I love every minute I spend in that car. It's like it was made for me."

"Do you know why I killed your family?"

This question caught me off guard. "My family was collateral damage in a senseless war."

"Senseless war? You don't know do you. I killed your family on purpose. I was trying to kill you too. I was trying to kill all of you. A war isn't senseless to those who are willing to die fighting it."

I tried to keep my cool but it wasn't working. I was burning with blind rage. I couldn't believe that in a battle of who could stay calm the longest the one who was winning was the asshole who spent all day fighting and yelling. There was no way I'd be able keep my wits about me in the Cage. But hey it would be worth dying in there if I got in one good hit.

He continued. "I was born in Chile. Did you know that?"

"No" I said.

"Did you know that you mother was an adviser to Pinochet?"

"Yeah. She was the Chicago Gal."

"Do you know what Pinochet did to the people of Chile?"

"I heard things."

"I didn't hear anything. I didn't see anything. To this day I don't know what Pinochet did. I don't know because one day my parents just vanished."

"I can only imagine how much it must suck to be an orphan."

"I killed your family because your family killed my family."

"My mom didn't kill your parents."

"She influenced the policies of the man who did."

"His economic policies."

"She was complicit in the deaths of thousands."

"She saved Chile's economy."

"Chile didn't need saving. The people of Chile wanted to rule themselves."

"The socialists wanted to rule the people of Chile."

"The socialists were democratically elected."

"Democracy is nothing more than two foxes guarding a henhouse. The henhouse has a goose in it. The goose lays golden eggs. The three of them vote to have omelets for breakfast."

"What the fuck are you talking about?"

"Getting elected to steal is still stealing."

"We seized the means of production from those who would exploit the efforts of the poor."

"What are the means of production?"

"Factories. Infrastructure."

"Productivity is more than just poor people's efforts plus rich people's factories. If you put me on the guillotine you'd better save my head cuz you're gonna need it."



[John]

Firebird and I had planned to trade places earlier, but he hadn't shown. Now, trading places would either happen accidentally, or I wouldn't see him until our next planned meeting. I was concerned because I knew Mohawk Asshole would be at the Gathering looking for him. We'd only planned to trade for an hour or so, because I did not want to deal with Mohawk Asshole.

The crowdfunding campaign for the full length movie had hit its initial goal of $5,000 before Wasteland had even begun. That meant, at the very least, I'd be headed back to Australia in a few months to shoot another scene.

After the premiere at the Wasteland Film Festival I stayed for quite a while answering questions about my plans for the full length film. Lots of people promised to donate. Lots of people offered to help.

I was thrilled and terrified. I had taken every step with intention, but I still felt like I was being swept up in something beyond my control. Giving up control is my greatest fear. I don't like admitting that. I hate even writing that sentence.

I'd gotten permission to shoot another scene for my film during Wasteland. Firebird and Mohawk Asshole would face off in the Thunderdome. Wasteland had its own Thunderdome so we planned to shoot the big fight scene there. Christine was in attendance again that year, and she volunteered to operate the camera. Steve had flown in from the other side of the world to check out Wasteland, and perform in the Thunderdome scene.

When Steve saw my car, he teared up. "That's my car," he said. It would have been a nice moment, but in the larger context, it was kind of creepy.

Night had fallen, but the Thunderdome was lit up bright as day. A crowd had surrounded the dome, flowed onto it, and spilled over it. Everyone was everywhere, and everyone was screaming.

Steve and I took our place in line.

I've always hated fighting, whether for real or for sport. I've always thought that martial arts bouts, boxing, and even football should be outlawed. I can't stand watching that stuff, even on TV. I know the participants sign up for it. But there are some rights that a person can't sign away in a contract. The right to not be assaulted should be one of those rights.

But Thunderdome was downright primal. Atavistic. It spoke to a part of me that I thought had evolved away. I'd never seen anything like it.

In every bout, two people were strung up with bungees and launched at each other. The weapons were bats covered with foam, but they looked real enough and they still stung. A woman kicked her best friend in the eye. Another woman got flipped upside down, and her face was dragged through the dirt. One guy dislocated his thumb.

The best strategy in the Thunderdome is to fly at your opponent spread eagle and grab them with your legs, leaving your hands free to beat them. If they end up turned around or upside down, it's all the better for you.

Steve and I were pumped. We didn't speak. We growled. We snarled. We hissed. He was seriously starting to scare me, but I could feel my fear making me scarier, too. Maybe he's as scared of me as I am of him. He should be. He was older than me. Maybe he'd break a hip out there. I was gonna send him to the nursing home.

They strung us up on the bungees. A tense moment passed. They launched us into the dome.

Steve pinned me with his legs and started thwacking me with his bat. I was turned in such a way that I could barely thwack back. I could see his face though. He was out for blood.

Suddenly the bungees were gone. The dome was gone. I was in a big box made of chain link fencing. I felt like I'd been shot in the leg and I could tell I had a broken rib.

I'd swapped timelines with Firebird. I was at the Gathering. I was in the Cage. Mohawk A**hole was in here with me. I was losing.

Both of us had baseball bats. There was no padding on the bats.

Mohawk A**hole came at me. There's a time for fighting, and there's a time for flighting. I ran. Not that there was anywhere to go. I lapped the perimeter as fast as I could. I changed directions. When he cornered me, I jumped over him, or dove under him.

His bat got me in the shoulder. I dropped my bat. The referee separated us and returned my bat to me.

That's good, at least there are some rules. But did we have to kill each other? Would a knockout suffice?

How could I beat a man who had once ripped the steering wheel out of a truck with his face?

What were my strengths? I'm quick. I'm great at running away. Too bad there was nowhere to run.

What were his weaknesses? He sometimes fell asleep while driving. That couldn't help us here. Or could it?

No, it really couldn't help us here. It was actually pretty irrelevant to the situation at hand.

What else did I know about him? He's indestructible. He wants his car back. He's prone to fits of uncontrollable rage.

Was that it? Had I found his one weakness? It wasn't much but it would have to do.

I'd make him angry and defeat him like a bullfighter. Distract him, anger him, evade him. Wear him out. Wait as long as possible to make my move.

"That's a really great car you used to have," I said.

He roared and swung his bat. I jumped out of the way.

"Yeah," I said. "That's one sexy car."

Whoosh. His bat flew by me again. He was gaining strength, but losing accuracy. The less accurate he was, the easier he was to avoid.

"Ooh, so sexy."

The problem was I couldn't think of what else to say. I had to improvise.

"I had sex with your car," I said.

He froze and gave me a weird look. Then he started trembling with rage. He screamed.

He threw his bat down and started furiously chasing me. The referee was trying to give him his bat back.

"I penetrated its tailpipe! I sucked its shift knob! I licked its steering wheel! And you know what? It loved every second of it!"

Finally he tripped over his own feet and fell. I turned around and readied my bat. He turned and looked up at me.

"John?" he said.

"Steve?"

"Where are we mate?"

"Trust me. Play dead."

I gave him a theatrical glancing blow to his shoulder blade with the bat. He stopped moving.

The referee counted to ten. Knockout.

The audience wanted more. "Kill, kill, kill," they chanted.

I whispered to the referee. "Do I have to kill him?"

"You don't have to. But you can, if you want to."

"I don't want to."

"Then drop the bat."

"Oh, ok."

I dropped the bat and threw my hands into the air victoriously. The crowd erupted in applause.

And then I was back in the Thunderdome at Wasteland Weekend. They were taking me out of my harness. Steve's harness was empty.

Messing with phones at Wasteland Weekend is usually considered bad form, but people will tolerate it in circumstances like this. Christine ran into the middle of the Thunderdome and held up her phone so everyone could see it. 

Our fundraising campaign had hit $500K. 

"We hit our stretch goal!" she shouted. "We're making our movie!" The dome erupted in cheers.

Christine ran up and hugged me.

"I really want to be excited right now, but I'm worried about Steve. Where did he go?"

"He ran away," she answered.

I sprinted to my camping spot.

Mohawk A**hole had stolen my car and was running free in Tomorrowland.

Steve was stuck in Epoxyclypse.
