[Firebird]

The world will never run out of anything. I guarantee it.

If we ever start to run out of oil the cunts that sell it will raise the price until people stop paying it. No one will want that expensive shit anymore and we'll leave it in the ground. People will put electric motors in their cars and charge them cars with windmills.

High prices don't stay high for long. High prices are like a megaphone calling out to the world that selling the high-priced thing is a good business to get into. Clever cunts get into that business. Competition increases. Prices come down.

Even if you force someone to sell oil at a low price we won't run out of it. You'll just force em out of business because their costs will be too high and their revenue will be too low. There will be local shortages but a shortage has nothing to do with the world running out of something. A shortage just means that thing you want is really far away and hard to get. Pay somecunt enough and they'll get it for you.

Paul Ehrlich predicted that overpopulation would kill the world. So Julian Simon bet him a thousand bucks that any five resources he chose would be cheaper ten years later. Simon would've won if it hadn't have been for the Big Bang. I'm certain of it.

Throughout human history, if you bet on a long enough timeframe that things would get better, you'd be right every time. You'd still be right.
We're rebuilding the world right now and this time we're doing it right.

I'd spent the past five years in California improving my computer prototypes and saving up money to drive home to New Jersey. The archetypical American road trip was always to head west towards the wide open spaces and laid-back attitudes. I was headed east.

I hoped my reverse road trip would turn out better for me than it did for them blokes in Easy Rider. I was pretty sure it would because I knew my dad had locked a heap of silver bars in a safe in our home in New Jersey and I was the only person left on earth who knew the combination.

Route 66. Joshua trees. Grand Canyon. Saguaros. Monument Valley. Arches. Natural bridges. Wile E. Coyote and Road Runner. Jonathan Richman on the radio. Plymouth paid Warner Brothers a heap of money to license that bird. They put Road Runner decals on those cars and the horn made the Road Runner sound. Meep meep motherfucker.

I'd never seen any of this shit except in pictures. Looked just as good after the Big Bang as it had before. Or better now cuz no one else was here. Hell is other tourists.

The cities were smashed but cunts heard me coming and emerged from the rubble to flag me down and offer me petrol at high prices which I happily paid. I knew what the prices would be like and I'd saved up because this was a special trip. If petrol were cheap then everyone would be road tripping. But I had the country to myself. See what I mean about never running out of anything?

Radio breaks the law of supply and demand. Once the signal leaves that antenna radio's free. Like knowledge. Or fire. If you share it nobody loses and everybody wins. Listening to the radio isn't like taking a slice of a pie. Everyone who listens to the radio gets their own damn pie.

I don't know how it was possible but there was someone on the radio on every goddamn kilometer of Route 66. Civilization was gone but weirdos in remote outposts still spent all day and night shouting into the void and playing records for no one. I heard ads occasionally but there was no way those ads were paying for it all. These people loved what they did. And I loved what they did.

The radio kept me going when I had no petrol. It kept me going when I had no food. It kept me going when I had no water. If I'd had no air I would have breathed the music.

When I was a kid I recorded songs off the radio cuz I couldn't afford the records. I'd be pissed when the DJ would walk all over my music.

But then one time I got a record for my birthday. Heart Of Glass. I listened to that record a lot. But sometimes I'd still play my tape recording of Heart Of Glass  because I missed hearing the DJ's voice.

I was cannonballing through Arizona about to hit New Mexico when a DJ saved my life.

"You're listening to Uranium Springs Radio" he said. "Get your fix on Route 66. Follow us all the way home. Coast to coast proof you're never alone. Shut up and listen I've got what you've been missing. I'm the Swede and I've got what you need. Here's the news. Stay away from the crossroads in Gallup. That's your wrong turn at Albuquerque right there. There's a birthday bash you don't wanna crash. Go dark and go quiet and go at night. This has been the news. Now back to the music. This is Rush with Spirit of Radio."

When I closed in on Gallup I stopped and waited for night to fall. I turned off the lights and took the side streets.

It was immediately clear what intersection he was talking about. An overpass came into view. Chockablock with assholes frolicking about playing Twister and burning cars and shit. They were doing bad things to people who I hoped deserved it but who I suspected did not.

Thanks for the tip Swede.



Every creature that is capable of locomotion needs to be able to remember its way around. How to find the way back to that spot where there was water. How to avoid that spot where there was a bear. It's what we share with the mice and the fish and the cockroaches and the dinosaurs. It's why when you need to remember a list there's a trick you can use where you imagine each item sitting in a room in your childhood home. Later when you need to recall that list you just imagine walking through the house and seeing each item in each room. Driving distills the experience of navigating through space into its purest form. Driving is a primal act.

New Jersey.

It had been 30 years but I remembered the way. Maybe mom and dad and sis would be there waiting and we could start all over again.

When I arrived it was a dark night with no moon. I wasn't gonna sneak into a house at night. I camped out in a wooded area by our house where I used to try to take my bike over some sweet jumps we'd built.

The sun woke me up. I opened my eyes and crawled out of the car.

The trees were blackened trunks without branches. The entire neighborhood was gone. Trees and telephone poles and houses and mailboxes and flowerbeds and bicycles and above-ground pools. Gone. The charred remnants were overgrown with weeds.

I walked to my old house. What used to be my house. What used to be my home.

I kicked over the blackened toothpicks that were once my bedroom.

I found dad's safe sitting half obscured in the brush. The door was hanging off its hinges. The silver was gone.

All that was left in the safe was a reel of movie film. The fire hadn't gotten to it but the elements had. I held a piece up to the sky. It crumbled in my hands.
