[John]

The cops never found Mohawk A**hole. Cops don't find criminals. Cops don't solve crimes, like on TV. Cops just lurk around and try to pin stuff on everyone they see until they hit their quotas. Firebird's right. Our cops aren't any more real than his are.

I tried to get Firebird to talk with Steve, but he wouldn't do it.

I got another old Trans Am. I got a Martinique Blue '78. I loved it almost as much as I'd loved my '75. But attachment leads to suffering. I had to learn to give up my attachments. I would have to suffer.

Firebird and I had cameras. Firebird and I had money. Firebird and I had a story to tell.

We wrote this story down in both timelines. Why not make our movie in both timelines too?

We could shoot in the same places at the same times. We could trade places to direct the scenes we'd experienced, and play ourselves in each others' movies. And by doing this, we'd get guided tours of alternate timelines.

We headed to Australia first.

Watching our actors recreate the death of Firebird's family hit me harder than I thought it would. The boys we found to portray us as children both did wonderful jobs of it.

I did all the stunts in our car chases. I didn't want to be responsible for someone else getting hurt. The big one was climbing out of the moving Valiant into the Trans Am while it was being towed by a tow truck. It was easy for Firebird because he'd done it for real. But I figured, if he'd done it, I could do it. And I did.

Firebird persuaded Mad Skelli to portray herself in the film. I got to meet her again. She was something. Once she'd read this manuscript and talked to both of us back to back, she even believed our story.

I'd gotten word that Steve had returned to Australia and was working as a tattoo artist again, but in Epoxyclypse. I found his shop and stopped in.

I explained that I'd been trading timelines for years, but it was a risky thing to do. If your counterpart failed to meet up with you, you'd be stuck. We still had no idea where Mohawk A**hole had gone to in Tomorrowland. We might never know.

"No worries mate," Steve said. "Life is an adventure."



[Firebird]

John and I were road tripping across the country to reenact the trip I'd made seven years ago.

The actors and crew were traveling with us but it was Christmas Eve so we'd given them a few days off.

John had planned some strange stops and some strange places to swap timelines. He refused to explain this side quest or whatever it was.

That's how I found myself in Tomorrowland's version of rural Pennsylvania standing outside a camper door holding a package of Tim Tams.

A woman opened the door. Nearly 38 years had passed since I'd seen her face. It was my sister Nicole.

I looked down at the bikkies in my hands. Suddenly they made sense.

"I brought these for you from Australia" I said. I handed her the Tim Tams. 

She hugged me. "You sound like you have an Australian accent already."

She invited me in. She took one bite of the bikkie and had to spit it out. 

"These are disgusting" she said. We laughed.

No one has ever made me laugh quite like she did. Does?

Did.



There are three places that look the same before and after the apocalypse. Wasteland Weekend. Detonation. And New Jersey.

I knew this house. Last time I'd seen it it was a pile of charred remnants.

Dad opened the door. He was still wearing that 70s dive watch I'd been playing with when he died.

I could see where this trip was going now. This was no side quest.

After we'd caught up I went up to my room. I opened my closet. My Hot Wheels collection was still there. I found the Trans Am that mom had been holding in her hand when she died. I put it in my pocket.

I went back downstairs. I asked dad, "Do you have an old film in your safe?"

"You know I think I do" he said. "Your mother put it there. I don't think I've watched it since the day it went in there. I can't bring myself to look at any of that stuff. The part of grieving they don't tell you about is allowing yourself to forget. Everyone says they think about the person every single day. No one admits how much they look forward to that first day they don't."

"Could we make an exception and watch the film? Just once."

Dad found the film in his safe and dug up the old projector. He closed the blinds. He turned off the lights. He turned on the projector.

Mom.

I'm a baby in her arms.

She's singing.

She's singing. 

She's singing Close To You by The Carpenters.

 
 
Next stop was the cemetery. It was at the top of a hill. Night had fallen. The snow had hardened into ice. Christmas lights were all around.

I'd never seen a snowy Christmas. Where I come from Santa wears swim trunks and carries a surfboard and he's pulled around by kangaroos.

I was alone and shivering.

I found mom's grave. I reached into my pocket and placed the Hot Wheels Firebird on the ground.

I laid down beside her. I stayed there so long that when I tried to get up I'd become partially frozen to the ground.

It was time to trade places with John again. 

One last goodbye to mom. I closed my eyes and let the snowflakes fall onto my tongue. 

I opened my eyes and and the Christmas lights had vanished. I closed my mouth. The snow was probably poisonous. The trees were gone. Mom's grave was gone. The other gravestones were knocked over.

You motherfuckers in Tomorrowland have no idea the glory you hold in your hands. You have no idea. You have it. You waste it. You take it for granted. You don't even know where that glory comes from. You don't care to find out. And yet you think you deserve more of it. Don't you get it? It's you that has to create that glory. It's you that has to protect it. Don't neglect it. Don't throw it away. It comes from you.

I returned to my car and pulled the keys from my pocket. My Hot Wheels Trans Am fell out and went spinning down the icy road. I'd put John's on mom's grave. Where would I put mine? Drop it in the snow? Fuck it.

I got in and turned on the accessory switch.

Fucking fuck fuck fuck.

The radio was playing AC/DC's Back in Black. Ok I made that part up. Really it was Close to You by The Carpenters.

I took the key out of the ignition and the song cut off. I got out to chase that damned Hot Wheels car. Like it mattered. Like a little toy of steel and plastic would bring my mom back.

A car whizzed by inches away from me at top speed and smashed into my car. 

My Stellar Blue 1975 Pontiac Firebird Trans Am. One of one. Special ordered from the factory in red white and blue so it would look great in Bicentennial parades. The car that had taken me on thousands of miles of adventures. The car that had survived the apocalypse. Let the works of Monet burn. But not this car.

My badass car was now a heap of twisted metal. I went to what was left of the it and opened the trunk.

A woman got out of the other car and pointed a gun at me. Her hands were shaking. I knew that this time the gun was loaded.

I closed the trunk.

"Attachment leads to suffering." I said. "That's what my mom used to say. Come on. Walk with me." I headed down the hill to pick up my Hot Wheels.

"Do you know who I am?" she asked.

"I know who you are." I could forget a name but I could never forget the face of the woman who wailed over the murder and roasting and consumption of a man whose name I'd forgotten.

"Where's the kid?"

"I found a sitter" she replied.

"How'd you find me?"

"I've done nothing but look for you."

The gun she held was special because it was a gun that was itching to go off. Not a single gun has been fired in this narrative and we're getting near the end. Why would I have put guns in the story if no one shoots any of em? If this story is fictional then the gun has to go off. If it's nonfictional then maybe I still gotta chance.

"If I were in your shoes I'd walk just as you do" I said.

I found my Hot Wheels and picked it up.

"What does that mean?" she asked.

"If I were you I'd do just as you are doing."

A moment passed. She sat down on a bench. I sat down beside her.

"What was your husband's name?" I asked.

"I don't remember" she replied.

"Me neither."

"I remember" she said. "But sometimes I like to pretend I don't. I like to pretend it doesn't matter. I like to pretend he doesn't care."

"Does he care?"

"Before the race he begged me. He said if anything went wrong I had to promise not to forget him. He couldn't stop saying it. He still makes me promise I won't forget him. Every night in my dreams."

"When I see my mom in my dreams it's a dead giveaway. I instantly know I'm dreaming because I know she's dead. But in that moment I can tell her everything I want to tell her."

"What do you want to tell her?"

I thought about it. "There's nothing I want to tell her."

"There's something she wants to tell you. She didn't finish. Attachment leads to suffering. That doesn't mean you shouldn't get attached. You also suffer for the attachments you fail to make. It means choose your attachments wisely. When you can choose them."

"Can I choose to have no attachments?"

"No."

"Then what have I been doing my whole life?"

"Denying you have attachments."

Who I was when I started writing this manuscript is not who I am today. Maybe now I could tell this story in the voice of that little boy whose family got blown to bits.

It was not that my experiences turned me back into that child.

I've always been that child.