[Firebird]

Mohawk Asshole was here in the USA.

John and Mohawk Asshole were now best mates. John's new best mate is the person who killed my family and was trying to kill me. John chased my girlfriend away. Good thing John was gonna make me a million dollars or I would have swapped places with him just so I could slit my own throat.

And Deadline was missing. But I had a theory about that one.

All those stupid non-clues were just distractions. Deadline wasn't dead but someone didn't want him found.

Mohawk Asshole had come looking for my car. He'd seen Deadline driving it so he stabbed him. Obviously Mohawk Asshole wasn't the only one who'd come after him. Every motherfucker who'd ever had a negative story published about them in the paper had a motive to bump him off. But getting stabbed was the last straw.

So Deadline had gone into hiding. Someone was protecting him. But people get stabbed every day. What was so important about Deadline that he had to be protected? Who would go to such great lengths to hide him and keep him hidden?

Swede had said something weird to me before he told me Deadline was missing. He'd called me John and asked me how things went.

Was the Wasteland Communication Corporation involved? Was John involved?

John and I had traded places during the interview with Deadline and Deadline had vanished shortly thereafter. Swede knew about my ability to become someone else since he'd witnessed it firsthand. Whether he believed I was swapping timelines or not didn't matter. As long as I couldn't remember actions I'd taken when I was John I would suit his purposes. Hire someone from another timeline to hide the bloke and not tell anyone where you put him. Not even Swede. The assholes with or without mohawks could torture anyone they wanted. No one would tell them where Deadline was because no one in that timeline would know.

It was also weird that my car had a thousand miles put on it over the course of a couple days. I thought Deadline had put the miles on it but I hadn't looked at the odometer until after he'd had gone missing. John could have put the miles on it when we traded places. Was John hired to take Deadline somewhere far away?

You go with what you know. John knew of only two reasonably safe and functioning communities in Epoxyclypse. Damnation Valley and Uranium Springs. Five hundred miles apart. There and back would be a thousand miles.

It was a long shot but hey this year's Cannibal Run was this weekend. Might as well go and see if Deadline showed up. I'd spent months painting SAVE DEADLINE on t-shirts and old water towers and shit. I hate to admit shit like this but he was pretty much my favorite person on earth that I was neither in love with nor sexually attracted to. I wanted to bring this investigation to a close and bring the cunt home. I know my theory involves him not wanting to be found so if I found him I'd keep my mouth shut. Well except for telling you fuckers about it of course.

What? You expected me to feel guilty about what happened last year? We do what we do. We learn from it or we don't. Of what use is guilt?

No way I was entering that race again though. Why do you keep asking me that?

I'm just fucking with you. We've probably never met. I have no idea what you're asking me. I just know that fuckers like you like to watch cunts like me suffer and that's why you're reading this. But I'm not gonna give you that pleasure. I don't need the money this time like I did last time. My little factory was producing three Firebuddies a day. I had back orders for months. I wasn't a millionaire yet but after this year's Gathering I would be.

I fired up my Firebuddy and posted a message on You Are Awaited that I was headed to the Cannibal Run. I ran the matches for the event which was easy now because I'd finally gotten around to writing the almighty Algorithm. I was about to shut it down and head out when I noticed something funny.

Deadline had signed up to be matched at the Cannibal Run. He'd been matched to a dame by the name of Firecracker.

That meant he'd logged in recently. I viewed his profile. His self-description was in Morse code but the Firebuddy was able to translate it. Me and John had implemented support for a heap of languages. Everything but emojis. Fuck that shit. Anyway his self-description.


    PATENTLYOBVIOUSTUBERSALLOWTRAILSOMINOUS
    

This bullshit was about as helpful as that Twinkie on the chair. It was clearly some kind of ruse but I'd jump through the damn hoops if it would bring Deadline back.

The first thing I saw when I stepped out of my car at Uranium Springs was a young punk wearing a goddamn computer on her goddamn arm. It wasn't some vintage toy neither. It was brand new. Real nice piece. I'd never seen anything like it. She was walking around and fiddling with it nonstop. I stopped her and asked what it was.

"DingoDongle" she said nonchalantly while fiddling.

I asked her what the fuck she was doing with it.

"Fuck off." She took off running for cover. Then she peeked out and pointed her arm at some bloke. He had on a Dingdong too and it made a noise and flashed. He fell to the ground.

I ran to him. I thought maybe he was dead. "Are you ok?" I asked.

I reached down and grabbed his Dingdong.

He pulled his arm away and got up. "Yeah dude it's just a game" he said.

He explained that the screen on his arm had a map which showed where other Dingdong users were. You could point your arm at them to shoot and their Dingdong would recognize whether you'd hit them or not. Some users showed up on the screen as people, some showed up as monsters. The graphics were amazing.

"What's the game called?"

"Alien Guzzaline Wars 2!"

What the fuck? The Dingdong had words on the side.


    DingoDongle
    MS INDUSTRIES
    WHAT'S-LEFT-O'SYDNEY AUSTRALIA


I now had a competitor. I should have destroyed that Firebuddy prototype I'd left sitting in the garage. I'd figured Mad Skelli would strip it and scrap it. But she'd reverse engineered it and shrunk it down even faster than I had. Goddammit she was sexy.

"Can it do anything else?" I asked.

"Yeah all kinds of stuff. It can do mesh networking. You can use it to send people messages anywhere in the world. Access your You Are Awaited account. Pretty much everything."

I liked that he mentioned my social network but I wasn't making any money off of that. You Are Awaited existed solely to give people a reason to buy Firebuddies. Speaking of that.

"Why didn't you get a Firebuddy?" I asked.

"That thing doesn't have any games" he said. "DingoDongle's got like fifty different games man."

I looked around the streets of Uranium Springs. I counted two people with Firebuddies and twelve with Dingdongs.

DingoDongles. Whatever.

I planned to release the Firebuddy 2 at this year's gathering. Guess I'd better get some games written for it and expand our production capacity.

Are you thinking that I have to enter the race now? Fuck no I don't. I got enough money for that shit I gotta do.

Then a delivery guy on a bike pulled up. He verified that I was Firebird and handed me a telegram from my factory manager.


    MOHAWK ASSHOLE SEIZED OUR FACTORY


Fuck it. Last year's Cannibal Run champion would return after all.

The rules of the Cannibal Run are anything but numerous. One of the few rules they have says that once you're at the starting line you can't back out. I'm telling you this cuz I was already at the starting line when I'm pretty sure I saw Deadline. 

He had on a ghillie suit but I got a good look at his face. It was like looking up and seeing the goddamn Loch Ness Monster. The cunt was shooting pictures of the race with a camera the likes of which I'd never seen. The camera was big like an old large format camera but it had a bunch of wires and stuff coming out of it.

In Epoxyclypse you don't just take pictures. It's a time-consuming and expensive process. Not just because you gotta process and print them yourself. You usually gotta make your own cameras and emulsions too. You don't take pictures. You make photographs. Now you understand why no one's made a movie in decades.

This bloke was pointing and clicking and pointing and clicking and I didn't see him switching out any film canisters or boxes or black bags. It could have been a TV camera but where was the video tape recorder? I looked down on the ground beside his tripod and then I saw where them pictures were going. His camera was connected to a goddamn Firebuddy. It had to be Deadline.

I was so caught off guard by this that I missed the start flag.

The other cars took off and left me in a cloud of dust. I spun up the old 455 but not enough. I popped the clutch too quick and somehow managed to stall it despite having the torque of a freight train.

All I had to do was not come in last and I was already failing at that.

There were four cars in this year's race and I was in fourth. I finally got my badass car going.

It's pretty easy to catch up to someone when you're chasing them. As long as the two of you are pretty evenly matched of course. You focus on doing whatever they're doing and you do it as fast as they're doing it. Then watch for their mistakes. Every mistake they make is an opportunity for you to catch up a bit. Just don't follow them blindly or you'll end up following them right into a tree or something. If they make a big mistake you've beaten them. As long as you don't make the same mistake they did.

I caught up to the fucker in third. Souped up AMC Gremlin. Cool car. Too bad the world would be losing one of them today.

There ain't no rules about crashing into people so the Cannibal Run was pretty much a demolition derby. I hated to mess up my Firebird's paint but I'd do it for fame and fortune and the privilege of not being eaten.

Coming up from behind you're in a somewhat advantaged position because you can get right up against their bumper and push them off the road. But your car is vulnerable in front because of the radiator and stuff. Their rear bumper and trunk can take a lot of damage without any problem. Especially in Epoxyclypse where the cars all have spikes and shit coming off of them. So when you come up behind them they'll probably be hitting the brakes trying to get you to run into them harder than you want to. Most cars don't have brake lights or the bulbs are out or they're disconnected on purpose.

Then it hit me. Brake lights. I know I was supposed to be saving my own life here but something's gotta kill me sooner or later. And I'll tell you idiots a secret. I didn't actually write this shit down during the goddamn race. But during the goddamn race is when it hit me.

Brake lights. I remembered that time Deadline took me into his little workshop and showed me his weird invention. That little red light that came on when another light came on. It was a light sensor. That cunt must have made it smaller and lined up a bunch of them into a square array.

Sorry I know you fuckers want me to hurry up so you can imagine what I'd taste like if you had me for dinner. But my mind was racing as fast as my car was.

Deadline had invented a working digital camera in Epoxyclypse. The Wasteland Communication Corporation had hired John to take him somewhere safe so he could finish his work. They were protecting him because if he finished his work they could sell heaps of them cameras and get rich.

Epoxyclypse was in a race with Tomorrowland and Epoxyclypse was catching up. We can move faster because we have permissionless innovation. In Tomorrowland they have laws and regulations and statutes and permits and insurance and patents and lawsuits and environmental impact studies. In Epoxyclypse we do what we want.

What was I supposed to be talking about?

Oh yeah I was telling you about the race.

I really needed to come in third. Remaining alive is cool and all but have you ever tried creating so much value for humanity that the world changed before your very eyes?

Fuck that fucking fucker and his Gremlin. I might even eat a little bit of him this time. Maybe I'll nibble his fingernail. Maybe have a pinky.

When you're coming up behind someone in a car and you wanna fuck them up the best thing to try is to get beside them and use your nose to push their rear end sideways. I watched and waited for my opportunity. He went into a corner a little too fast and the weight shifted off his rear wheels. I gave him a little nudge. He countersteered but I pushed him far enough that his wheels couldn't turn any further and he went spinning.

I didn't win the race but I didn't die neither. I went home with enough cash to double my factory's output.

Did I eat the pinky? Keep wondering.

Good thing I hadn't learned my lesson last year. Fuck you karma. Nice try. Not this time.
