CHAPTER 4
YEAR 30, MONTH 11
NARRATOR: FIREBIRD

I'd spent the past five years in California improving my computer prototypes and saving up money to drive to New Jersey. I finally had enough money to head east and grab them silver bars. Then I could start mass producing my computers and rebuilding the world.

The archetypical American road trip was always to head west toward the wide open spaces and laid-back attitudes. I hoped my reverse road trip would turn out better for me than it did for them blokes in Easy Rider.

The cities were smashed but cunts heard me coming and emerged from the rubble. They flagged me down and offered me petrol at exorbitant prices which I happily paid. If petrol were cheap then everyone would be taking road trips. As it was I had the country to myself.

Route 66. Joshua Tree. Saguaros. Grand Canyon. I'd never seen any of this shit except in pictures. Looked just as good after the Big Bang as it had before. Better now cuz no one else was here. Hell is other tourists.

Monument Valley. Arches. Natural bridges. Wile E. Coyote and Road Runner. Plymouth paid Warner Brothers a heap of money to put Road Runner decals on them cars. The horn even made the Road Runner sound. Meep meep motherfucker. Jonathan Richman was on the radio.

I don't know how it was possible but there was someone on the radio on every goddamn kilometer of Route 66. Civilization was gone but weirdos in remote outposts still spent all day and night shouting into the void and playing records for no one. I heard ads occasionally but there was no way those ads were paying for all of this. These people loved what they did. And I loved what they did.

The radio kept me going when I had no petrol. It kept me going when I had no food. It kept me going when I had no water. If I'd had no air I would have breathed the music.

When I was a kid I recorded songs off the radio cuz I couldn't afford the records. I'd be pissed when the DJ would walk all over my music. One time I got a record for my birthday. Heart Of Glass. I listened to that record a lot. But sometimes I'd still play my tape recording of the song because I missed hearing the DJ's voice over it.

I was cannonballing through Arizona about to hit New Mexico when a DJ saved my life.

"You're listening to Uranium Springs Radio" he said. "Get your fix on Route 66. Follow us all the way home. Coast to coast proof you're never alone. Shut up and listen I've got what you've been missing. I am The Swede and I've got what you need. Here's the news. Stay away from the crossroads in Gallup. It's a birthday bash you do not wanna crash. Go dark. Go quiet. And go at night. This has been the news. Now back to the music. Rush. Spirit of Radio."

When I got close to Gallup I stopped and waited for night to fall. I turned off the headlights and took the side streets.

It was immediately clear what intersection he was talking about. An overpass came into view. Chockablock with assholes frolicking around playing Twister and burning cars and shit. They were doing bad things to people who I hoped deserved it but who I suspected did not.

Thanks for the tip Swede.

Texas. Driving distills the experience of navigating through space into its purest form.

Oklahoma. Driving is a primal act.

Missouri. Every creature that's capable of locomotion needs to be able to remember its way around. How to find the way back to that spot where there was water. How to avoid that spot where there was a bear. It's what we share with the mice and the fish and the cockroaches and the dinosaurs.

Illinois. When you need to remember a list there's a trick you can use where you envision each item sitting in a different room of your childhood home. Later when you need to recall that list you imagine walking through the house and seeing each item in each room.

Indiana. I made up a list of items to remember as a game to keep me awake. I imagined a glass of water on the floor in the foyer of our house in New Jersey. A bear sitting in a chair in the library. A mouse running across the TV in the family room. A fish swimming through the air in the kitchen. A cockroach on a plate in the dining room. A dinosaur in the living room. A bunch of silver bars in my parents' bedroom.

Ohio. Foyer: Water. Library: Bear. Family room: Mouse. Kitchen: Fish. Dining room: Cockroach. Living room: Dinosaur. Parents' bedroom: Silver bars.

Pennsylvania. Water. Bear. Mouse. Fish. Cockroach. Dinosaur. Silver bars.

New Jersey. It had been thirty years but I still knew how to find our house. Maybe Mom and Dad and Sis would be there waiting and we could start all over again.

When I arrived it was a dark night with no moon. I camped out in a wooded area by our house where I used to try to take my bike over these jumps we'd made out of piles of dirt.

The sun woke me up. I opened my eyes and crawled out of the car.

The trees were blackened trunks with no branches. The entire neighborhood was gone. Houses and mailboxes and flowerbeds and bicycles and above-ground pools. Gone. The charred remnants were overgrown with weeds.

I stepped into my house. What used to be my house. What used to be my home.

I kicked over the blackened boards that were once the walls of my bedroom.

I found dad's safe sitting half obscured in the brush. The door was hanging off its hinges. The silver was gone.

All that was left in the safe was a reel of movie film. The fire hadn't gotten to it but the elements had. I held a piece up to the sky. I couldn't tell what was on it. It crumbled in my hands.
