CHAPTER 10
YEAR 37, MONTH 11
NARRATOR: JOHN

The cops never found Mohawk A**hole. Cops don't find criminals. They don't really solve crimes like they do on TV. Cops just lurk around and try to pin stuff on everyone they see until they hit their quotas. Firebird's right. Our police aren't any more real than his are.

I tried to get Firebird to talk with Bruce, but he wouldn't do it.

I got another old Trans Am. I found a Martinique Blue '78. I loved it almost as much as I'd loved my '75. But I hadn't forgotten my crowdfunding gimmick. I would have to suffer for my attachments. I would have to destroy my car for the movie.

Firebird and I had cameras. Firebird and I had money. Firebird and I had stories to tell. We'd written our stories down in both timelines. We were going to make our movies in both timelines, too. Our scripts were slightly different, but they were similar enough that we could shoot them simultaneously.

We could shoot in the same places at the same times. We could trade places to direct the scenes we'd experienced, and play ourselves in each others' movies. While we were at it, we'd get guided tours of each others' timelines.

We headed to Australia first.

Watching our actors recreate the death of Firebird's family hit me harder than I thought it would. The boys we found to portray us as children did wonderful jobs of it.

I did all the stunts in our car chases. I didn't want to be responsible for someone else getting hurt. The big one was climbing out of the moving Beetle into the Trans Am while it was being towed by a tow truck. It was easy for Firebird because he'd done it for real. I figured, if he'd done it, I could do it. And I did.

I found a wonderful Australian woman to play Mad Skelli in Tomorrowland. Firebird persuaded Mad Skelli to portray herself. I got to meet her again. She's really something.

I'd gotten word that Bruce had returned to Australia and was working as a tattoo artist again, but in Epoxyclypse. I found his shop and stopped in.

I explained that I'd been bouncing between timelines for years, but it was a risky thing to do. If your counterpart failed to meet up with you, you'd be stuck. We still had no idea where Mohawk A**hole was in Tomorrowland. We might never know.

"No worries mate," Bruce said. "Life's an adventure."



NARRATOR: FIREBIRD

We'd gotten all the footage we needed in Straya. We'd gotten all the footage we needed in California and Arizona. Now the only thing left to shoot was that road trip across the USA I'd done seven years ago. And I guess John still needed to get the footage of his car getting smashed. I was not gonna end my movie that way. I was gonna drive off into the fucking sunset.

The actors and crew were traveling with us but it was Christmas Eve so we'd given them a few days off.

John had planned some strange stops and some strange places to swap timelines. He refused to explain.

That's how I found myself in Tomorrowland's version of rural Pennsylvania standing outside a camper door holding a package of Tim Tams.

A woman opened the door. I recognized her even though I hadn't seen her face in thirty-eight years. It was my sister Nicole.

I looked down at the bikkies in my hand. Suddenly they made sense.

"I brought these for you from Australia" I said. I handed her the Tim Tams.

She hugged me. "You sound like you have an Australian accent already."

She invited me in. She took one bite of the bikkie and had to spit it out.

"These are disgusting" she said. We laughed.

No one ever made me laugh quite like she did. Does?

Did.



There were three places that looked the same before and after the apocalypse. Wasteland Weekend. Detonation. And New Jersey.

Last time I'd seen this house it was a pile of charred remnants.

Dad opened the door. He was still wearing that self-winding dive watch I'd been playing with when he died.

After we'd caught up I went up to my room. I opened my closet. My Hot Wheels collection was still there. I found the Trans Am that Mom had been holding in her hand. I put it in my pocket.

I went back downstairs. I asked Dad "Do you have an old reel of film in your safe?"

"You know, I think I do" he said. "Your mother put it there. I don't think I've watched it since the day it went in. I can't bring myself to look at any of that stuff. The part of grieving they don't tell you about is the shameful desire to allow yourself to forget. Everyone talks about how they think about the dead person every single day. No one admits how much they look forward to that first day they don't."

"Could we make an exception and watch the film? Just once."

Dad found the film in his safe and fired up the old projector.

It was me and Mom. I'm a baby in her arms. She's singing. I know that song.

She's singing Close To You by The Carpenters.



The last of the weird stops John had planned for me was the cemetery. It was at the top of a hill. Night had fallen. The snow on the ground had hardened into ice. Christmas lights were hung up all around town but the streets were empty. I was alone and shivering.

Cemeteries are stupid. Are dead people supposed to take up space forever? That's not sustainable. Eventually the whole world will be covered in graves. But if someday we take away the headstones and build something else here we'll just be admitting there was no point having a cemetery in the first place. Just burn me up and throw my ashes away in the nearest rubbish bin. Do the same for everyone else too. If someone dies who cares what they wanted us to do with their body? While they're alive you can promise you'll follow their instructions and when they die you can just say fuck it and toss them in a dumpster.

I found Mom. I reached into my pocket and placed the Hot Wheels car on her grave.

I laid down beside her. I stayed there so long that when I tried to get up my jacket had started to become frozen to the ground.

It was time to trade places with John again.

One last goodbye. I closed my eyes and let the snowflakes fall onto my tongue.

I opened my eyes and and the Christmas lights had vanished. The trees were gone. Mom's grave was gone. The other gravestones were knocked over.

You motherfuckers in Tomorrowland have no idea the glory you hold in your hands. You have no idea. You have it. You waste it. You take it for granted. You don't even know where that glory comes from. You don't care to know. Don't you get it? It's you that has to create that glory. It's you that has to protect that glory. Don't neglect it. Don't throw it away. No one's gonna hand it to you. It has to come from you. What are you gonna do? Right now? Today? What are you gonna do to bring that glory back to the human race?

I returned to my car and pulled the keys from my pocket. My Hot Wheels Trans Am fell out too and went spinning down the icy road. I'd left John's Hot Wheels on Mom's grave. What was I gonna do with mine? Drop it in the snow where Mom's grave would've been if she'd gotten old enough to die of cancer? I'd said my goodbyes. Fuck it. It was just an empty trinket. Leave it behind on the damn street.

I got in and turned on the accessory switch.

Fucking fuck fuck fuck.

The radio was playing AC/DC's Back in Black. 

I'm just messing with you. Really it was Close To You by The Carpenters.

I got out to go after that damned Hot Wheels car. Like it mattered or something.

As soon as I got out a car emerged from the darkness and smashed into my Trans Am. My Stellar Blue 1975 Pontiac Firebird Trans Am. One of one. Special ordered from the factory in red white and blue so it would look great in Bicentennial parades. The car that had taken me on thousands of miles of adventures. The car that had survived the goddamn apocalypse. They were never gonna make another Trans Am. My badass car was now a heap of twisted metal.

A woman got out of the other car and pointed a gun at me. It had been over a year but I recognized her. I knew that this time the gun was loaded.

"If I were in your shoes I'd walk just as you do" I said.

"What does that mean?" she asked.

"If I were you I'd do just as you are doing."

"I'm going to kill you. You're not scared?"

"Attachment leads to suffering." I said. "That's what Mom used to say. Come on. Walk with me." 

"Ok" she said. "But I'm still going to shoot you."

"If at any point in our conversation you need to shoot me go ahead." I headed down the hill to pick up my Hot Wheels.

The principle of Chekhov's Gun says that if you put a gun in your story it has to go off at some point. Why would I have mentioned guns if no one shoots any of them? Not a single gun has been fired in this whole damn narrative and we're getting near the end. If this story is fictional then this gun pretty much has to go off. If it's nonfictional then maybe I still have a chance.

"Do you know who I am?" she asked.

"I know who you are. Where's the kid?"

"I found a sitter" she replied.

"How'd you find me?"

"I've done nothing but look for you."

I found my Hot Wheels beside an old iron bench. I picked it up off the icy ground and sat down on a bench. She sat down beside me.

"What's with the toy car?"

"It was in Mom's hand when she was blown up. I dropped it. I was just gonna leave it here on the street but...."

"You were gonna leave it behind? That's crazy. You couldn't do that."

I held up the car and turned it around in my hand. "A little cluster of steel and plastic molecules won't bring Mom back."

"Sure it will. Every time you look at it."

"What was your husband's name?"

"I like to pretend I don't remember. I like to pretend it doesn't matter. I like to pretend he doesn't care."

"Does he care?"

"Before the race he begged me. He said if anything went wrong I had to promise not to forget him. He couldn't stop saying it. He still makes me promise I won't forget him. Every night in my dreams."

"When I see my mother in my dreams it's a dead giveaway. I instantly know I'm dreaming because I know she's dead. But in that moment I can tell her everything I want to tell her."

"What do you want to tell her?"

I thought about it. "There's nothing I want to tell her."

"There's something she wants to tell you. She didn't finish. Attachment leads to suffering. Yes. But that doesn't mean you should never get attached. You will also suffer for the attachments you fail to make. It means you have to choose your attachments wisely. When you can choose them."

"Can I choose to have no attachments?"

"No."

"Then what have I been doing my whole life?"

"Denying you have them."

Who I was when I started writing this manuscript is not who I am now. Maybe now I could tell this story in the voice of that little boy whose family got blown to bits.

It was not that my experiences turned me back into that child. I have always been that child.
