[Narrator: John]

Firebird and I briefly traded places for the last time in that cemetery. I found myself sitting in his smashed car. There was a note on the dash which read, "Wait here. Don't get out. Swap again in five." I waited while he wrote the previous passage. A woman sat on a bench staring at me. It was only later, when I read what he'd written, that I found out she'd come to kill him. I returned to Tomorrowmorrowland and we never traded places again. I never found out why. I'm still alive. I hope he is, too. I finished my film. I hope he finished his, too.

The movie didn't make any money in the US. But Australians went mad for it. That might explain how she found me.

I got an email from a woman in Australia.

"I was knocked senseless and moved to tears when I watched your film. When Firebird and Mad Skelli drive back to O'Sydney, they have a conversation. Hearing that conversation was the most surreal moment of my life. 

"Mad Skelli shares a very personal detail of her life. That detail of her life is something which is also true of my life. It's so personal and painful that I don't even like to put it down in words.

"I realize it's possible that you found me on the internet and decided to plagiarize my life. If so, creepy. But I couldn't get it out of my head that maybe we'd met in another life and you were still out there waiting for me.

"My name is Kelli Shackleford. Kelli S.

"I think I am Mad Skelli.

"I had to email you to hear what you had to say about all of this."

She included a photo. Holy wow yes. It was her.

I replied, "Have we met before, in another timeline?"



Kelli came to the US to attend Wasteland Weekend that year. We went up to the memorial together.

Last time I was at the memorial I'd asked myself, why would anyone celebrate death?

I knew the answer now.

Attachment leads to suffering. Spending a few days accepting and even embracing that suffering was cathartic. Being able to accept loss, and even celebrate it, is empowering and beautiful.

Wastelanders don't celebrate death. We celebrate the acceptance of death.

I had been attached to my own life. Being attached to my own life led me to constantly fear its loss. Giving up that attachment finally allowed me to live.

Kelli took out a marker and wrote on an empty section of the memorial:


    BELOVED TWIN NIKKI


I took the marker from her and wrote:


    DEANNA BINNS
    "ATTACHMENT LEADS TO SUFFERING"


We turned to face the campsites in the distance. On the count of three, we both screamed, "Fuck you!"

A thousand tiny people heard us. A thousand tiny voices shouted back.



    THE END
    

    
Want to see this as a motion picture? Visit youareawaited.com .