[John]

Mohawk A-hole had me in a chokehold. I couldn't breathe. I couldn't move.

I lurched up out of bed with my heart pounding. I thought I was having a heart attack. I couldn't tell which timeline I was in. I was sure Mohawk A-hole was there in the dark somewhere.

I grabbed my phone. The presence of the phone should have reassured me I was home in Tomorrowmorrowland, but my sleep-addled brain didn't believe it. I took the phone outside, started to dial 911, and held my thumb over the send button.

I sat out there for an hour before I finally felt normal again.

I'd had some fun trading places with Firebird, but I'd had some terrifying moments as well. I didn't want to spend a lot of time in Epoxyclypse. I both loved it and hated it.

I wasn't just having nightmares. I was having panic attacks. The ability to hop between worlds was a source of great anxiety. To ensure we traded places, we had to agree to meet at very specific places and times. If we were off a bit in space or time we wouldn't swap. Other times we'd inadvertently cross paths and find ourselves thrown into unfamiliar situations. I don't even want to imagine what would happen if he decided to leave me stranded in his timeline.

Visiting Epoxyclypse had been an adventure. But adventures involve facing things you're not prepared for and taking risks. Adventure is overrated. I preferred to adequately prepare for things and reduce the risks as much as possible.

It takes a certain kind of magical, irrational person to risk everything. I'm not that kind of person.

Imagine risking everything to start a business, like Firebird did. Most businesses fail. Yet serial entrepreneurs exist. They fail, and fail again. Some eventually succeed. Others must spend their entire lives failing. Those people make the world turn.

But that was never what I wanted. I wanted to show up at my job every day, get paid, go home, and take lots of vacations. I was on my way to a comfortable retirement and I didn't want to do anything to mess that up.

In Epoxyclypse the risk of being attacked or killed was much greater. But the risk of our business ventures failing was much lower. I knew exactly what to build. It would just take time. 

I could have stopped visiting Epoxyclypse. But the idea of having a chance to rebuild the world was intoxicating. And I liked the idea of traveling to an alternate reality where I could end up being the richest person on earth. 

It seemed quite possible that Firebird and I were the only people in history that this had ever happened to. How could we let that go to waste?



The Mad Max 40th anniversary celebration in Australia was coming up. I'd never been on an international journey. This would be my great pilgrimage. My trip to where it all began, and where it all ended.

Several people who were planning to attend started an online discussion about the possibility of making a short film while we were out there. We'd be visiting Mad Max filming locations in Melbourne, Clunes, Silverton, and Broken Hill. We'd have our outfits and cars. All we needed was a script and a director.

My hands were shaking with excitement as I typed. "I'll write the script and direct it."

Firebird had a pile of stories about all the crazy stuff that had happened to him in Epoxyclypse. We could shoot any of them. I decided use the story about running the roadblock and meeting Mad Skelli. I'd been involved with writing and cameras all my life, but this would be my first scripted narrative. 

My excitement turned to fear when I realized who I had to cast. 

I would love to have cast Mad Skelli's counterpart in Tomorrowmorrowland. Believe me, I had tried to find her. But Firebird and I had never asked her real name. And she was a postwar, which meant she was born after the timelines split. It's quite possible that because of the war, she hadn't even been born in Tomorrowmorrowland. It's probably for the best. It would have been a tough pickup line. "Have we met before, in another timeline?" Or, "Would you sleep with me, if it were the end of the world? Pretty sure you already did!"

No, not Skelli. 

Mohawk A-hole. Steve Scholz.

I found him online. There he was, a tattoo artist living in South Australia.

It wouldn't be too long of a trek for him to come out to Broken Hill. And everyone wants to be a movie star. He probably grew up watching the Mad Max films, as I had. I could only imagine what it must have been like to have grown up with them as an Australian kid.

It was quite possible that he really was an a-hole. But he wasn't in prison, he hadn't killed my parents, and he hadn't blown up any airports. In Tomorrowmorrowland, he seemed like a regular, cool guy.

I went back and forth over it in my head. I was scared, but I didn't want to pass up this bizarre opportunity to see firsthand what a difference this timeline had made on him. It would be a perfect test of nature vs. nurture. I wanted to meet him. But I also knew, for a fact, that some part of him was quite capable of killing me and my family in cold blood.

Oh, wait. I was going to meet him either way. It said so right on his profile.

He was already planning to attend the 40th anniversary.



I got my visa online. As long as I had my Arizona driver's license, I'd be able to drive in Australia. On the left side of the road. It seemed a little crazy that they would trust me to do that. I looked forward to the challenge. I reserved flights, hotels, and a rental car. AKA "hire car."
 
I hated flying but I found a way to tolerate it. I pretended that I lived on the airplane. There was no known time frame within which I would deboard. Eventually, I was surprised to feel the plane landing. It was an awful day, but I'd sacrificed that day in order to have some of the greatest days of my life.

At the airport, I was met by a couple of friends I'd met online who'd be helping me make my movie. Driving on the left side wasn't too hard, but the first clockwise roundabout I encountered caused my brain to shut down. I had to pull over and ask my friends what to do. And I kept turning on the wipers when I wanted to activate the turn signals. AKA "indicators."

We visited the Mad Max filming locations at the Melbourne University car park and the pumping station. Then, we went to Clunes, where we visited the train station and Fraser Street. 

Replicas of Mad Max motorcycles and cars started filling the streets. I'd never even seen a Ford Falcon XB in person until that moment.

Then I saw Steve. He wasn't just in attendance. He was a part of the event. He was riding on the back of a tow truck, looking and acting like Wez from Road Warrior.

Including the red mohawk.

I was afraid that when he saw me there would be some sort of interdimensional flash of recognition and he'd fly into a murderous rage. But he was already putting on a persona of murderous rage, so really, everything from then on would have to be an improvement.

As the truck passed by he did look at me. He snarled... and then looked away. He didn't recognize me. He didn't murder me.

The next stop on our journey would be Broken Hill and Silverton, where we'd be making our movie.

At Silverton, I introduced myself to the owners of the replica cars and the actors. Everyone's outfits looked tip-top. They even did up the hostel we stayed at to look like Exotic Travels.

Steve had brought his tattooing equipment with him. I decided to let him give me my first tattoo. I figured if I was going to get a tattoo, I might as well go big. A Firebird symbol across my back.

It was not like me to be so spontaneous about such a permanent commitment, but since Wasteland had set me off on a new path, I'd been starting to accept the fact that taking risks, breaking rules, and getting out of my comfort zone often led to great rewards.

As Steve worked on my tattoo, we got to know each other. I told him about my experiences at Wasteland Weekend. I never tell anyone that I sometimes cross into another timeline. They'd think I'm delusional. 

But when I told him how much it really was like entering a different world, he was fascinated. "I might never want to leave," he said.

"Would you visit another world if you could? Even if there were a chance you'd get stuck there, or killed?"

"Life is an adventure," he said. "F**k yeah I would."

It was clear he wasn't a violent person but he'd had a rough life. Steve and Firebird had something surprising in common. His parents had also been killed when he was a child. It wasn't too surprising that Firebird's parents were killed. It was the apocalypse. But Steve said his parents had been killed by fascists before the apocalypse had even started. Firebird was right about the 70s. It was a crazy time.

Steve was a socialist, which I sympathized with to an extent. I didn't believe in literally seizing the means of production. Like Firebird, I believed in the power of the market, at least when it came to providing luxuries. But when it came to necessities like health care and education, Steve and I agreed that the government should either provide those things itself, or at least pay for them.

When my tattoo was complete, I asked him to be in my film. He was downright enthusiastic about it.

Then I had to ask him something else. "Did you ever own a Pontiac Firebird Trans Am?"

"How did you know? Yeah. There was a CEO of an oil company who lived in my town. He was always driving this gorgeous Trans Am. I talked to him about it a few times. He'd imported it from the states. I saved up for years, hoping to one day get one just like it. One day the bloke put it up for sale. I don't think that sign was on the car for five minutes. I had it for a few years, then lost my job and had to sell it. I've missed it ever since. 75. Dark blue, with a light blue bird on the hood. Two tone, red and white interior."

"Special ordered in red, white, and blue for the American Bicentennial."

"Yeah! So the guy could drive it in parades! How'd you know?"

"You told that story to whoever you sold it to, and they passed that story down to me. I'm the current owner of that car."



The February heat was almost unbearable, but we somehow managed to get several takes, from several cameras, for every scene. 

I didn't have any of the shots in mind ahead of time. We just acted out the events of the story, and I let the camera operators use their own creativity. When I wasn't performing, I was operating one of the cameras, too. We did our best to stay out of each others' shots. The level of improvisation, distributed intelligence, and spontaneous synergy was intoxicating.

I couldn't believe people were following my instructions and letting me drive their cars. I didn't understand why everyone was being so kind, especially considering no one was getting paid for any of this. Everyone remembered their lines except for me. Yes, I forgot the lines I'd spent weeks perfecting. And I was by far the worst actor. I felt like a fool. It wasn't clear what benefit my presence had brought to the event.

All my paper copies of the script ended up in the trash except for one. When shooting was complete, Steve brought his copy to me and asked me to sign it.

It was at that moment I realized what benefit my presence had brought to the event. I was the weird, creative guy with the story and the vision.

I was the director.

That night, when the sun went down at Mundi Mundi Lookout, I saw more stars than I'd ever seen before. There wasn't a single airplane in the sky. Orion was upside down, doing cartwheels. I was, too.



When I returned home, I edited the film over the next few weeks. I decided to release it at the Wasteland Film Festival, which is held on-site during Wasteland Weekend.

Writing and directing had been so much fun that I didn't want it to end. So I decided to begin a crowdfunding campaign to make this story into a movie. I'd promote it as an old-school film with real stunts, real storytelling, and no CGI.

I asked myself how much money it would take to make me decide to quit my job and work on my movie full-time. I knew it would take a lot. I was happy at my job. I didn't like taking risks like this. This was out of my comfort zone. But if people threw enough money at me, I'd do it.

Most people never get a chance to be awesome. Of those who get a chance, most turn it down. I promised myself that if I got this chance, I wouldn't turn it down.

How much money would it take? 

I gave it some thought. I decided. It would take $500,000.

I'd quit my job for half a million dollars.

To hit a fundraising goal of that size, I have to go viral.

To go viral, I needed a gimmick.

Like Firebird, I'd put my car on the line. But I was going to raise the stakes.

I added some text to the credits:


     THIS SCENE WAS SHOT ON A $0 BUDGET

     YOU DECIDE THE BUDGET OF OUR NEXT SCENE
     
     IF OUR BUDGET HITS $5,000 EVERYONE GETS PAID
     
     IF OUR BUDGET HITS $50,000 WE SHOOT THE WHOLE MOVIE     

     IF OUR BUDGET HITS $500,000 I WILL DESTROY MY IMMACULATELY RESTORED PONTIAC TRANS AM ON CAMERA
     
     REAL STORYTELLING
     
     REAL STUNTS
     
     JUST LIKE THEY DID IT IN THE GOOD OLD DAYS

     NO CGI NOT NOW NOT EVER 

     GIVE US YOUR MONEY
     
     LET'S DO THIS
     
     YOUAREAWAITED.COM
     

If I lived my life 100 times in 100 alternate universes, and ran this fundraising campaign in 100 different ways, I figured one of those campaigns might hit $500,000. So I had a 1% chance.

I keep my promises. If we hit that number, I'd quit my job. If we hit that number, I'd crash my car.

Uploading this film might be the most significant button click of my life. I hovered over the button for a moment.

Click.

This would not help with my panic attacks. But screw it. If I got that money, I'd make my movie, or die trying.