[Firebird]

Wasteland Weekend? You spoiled motherfuckers. My life is not your theme park.

You fuckers with your anxiety and your depression. The impala overcomes its chronic fatigue as the cheetah approaches. I'm a goddamn impala every day. Every day is its own memento-mori. You don't know how good you have it. Airplanes. Skyscrapers. Clean water. Antibiotics. Enough food to make everyone fat. No child mortality. Cell phones. The motherfucking internet. You have everything and you think the world owes you more.

Eat the rich? You mean let everyone else on earth eat us Americans? There ain't no such thing as a free lunch. I didn't get a free education. I don't get free health care. We have teachers and doctors but you gotta pay them. Someone has to pay your teachers and doctors too.

If someone else chooses to pay for your teachers and doctors that's very kind of them. If you force someone else pay for your teachers and doctors that's not very kind of you. Money comes from someone spending their time and effort and creativity and ingenuity and persistence satisfying the needs of others. If someone gives you money they are giving you a piece of their life. If you grab money from someone you are grabbing a piece of their life. Where I come from we help poor people and sick people and old people but we do it because we want to not because we have to.

Inequality isn't the problem. Every place in the world has people who are dirt poor. So "inequality" just means "in this place it's also possible to get rich."

Someone said if you don't like people then you're not gonna sell any books. I guess we're gonna have to give these things away.

I was pissed at John for fucking things up with Skelli. He's lucky she didn't hit him with a steel pipe. It had been a few months since Skelli had last seen "me" but a decade since I'd last seen her. I was worried I'd never see her again.

Sure I'd been with other girls but you never forget the first girl who tries to murder you. Any girl can call you a sociopath but no one else put it quite as eloquently as Skelli did.

One good thing that came from trading places with John was getting a chance to see them little pocket computers you all have in Tomorrowland. When I was there I got heaps of ideas for ways to improve my homemade computer. Mine still wasn't anywhere near as small as them computers in Tomorrowland but it was way smaller than the one I'd built back in Straya. You could hook it up to a TV set and typewriter and a walkie talkie and then not only would you have your own computer but you'd be on a network that didn't use any wires. Or you would be if there was anyone around to network with. Now that I'd seen them pocket computers I knew for sure I was on the right track.

The next iteration would be even smaller. It was time to go into business selling these things.



Every May there was a race out in Uranium Springs called the Cannibal Run. Everyone who participates gets a prize except the one who comes in last. Unless you consider being killed and eaten getting a prize in which case the person who comes in last gets a prize too. Yeah they cook and eat the loser.

I'd never spent any time in Uranium Springs but aside from what happens if you lose the Cannibal Run it's supposed to be a real friendly town. Ever since the Swede had saved me with a radio announcement that lonely night I'd wanted to visit the place. Maybe I'd get a chance to thank him in person.

The race itself was on the last day of the event. I know you're hoping I'm gonna be in that race. Yes the prizes involved large amounts of cash. But no I was not gonna enter. I don't take stupid risks. Sounded like a hell of a show though. I'll describe the loser's death in vivid detail if that's what you're into.

I got to Uranium Springs and set up camp. Then I headed for the big radio tower.

I found the source of that voice I remembered so well.

"You're the Swede and you've got what I need! Years ago I heard you on the radio and you helped me find my way across this godforsaken country. You saved me from some serious shit that night."

"Glad to hear you say it."

"Someday I'll repay it" I promised. "You ever make it to the Gathering?" I asked.

"I never miss it. I run the radio station there too."

Then he vanished. Literally before my eyes he vanished. I was in the same place but it was different. It had happened again. John and I had traded places.

I was now at another postapocalyptic festival called Detonation.

Well good. Maybe John would enter the Cannibal Run and die. Wait I don't know which one of us dies in that case so maybe not.

Ok pay attention cuz I'm only gonna explain this once.

The Gathering and Wasteland Weekend happen at the same place in the California desert. In Epoxyclypse we call that place Damnation Valley. In Tomorrowland they call it California City.

The Cannibal Run and Detonation happen at the same place in the Arizona desert. In Epoxyclypse we call that place Uranium Springs. In Tomorrowland they call it Holbrook.

When we both attended these similar events in similar places we ended up hopping between timelines.

We figured out that it wasn't the events or any particular places that were magic. The magic happened any time we occupied the same space. Also strictly speaking we don't believe in magic so really we prefer to think of it as some kind of science thing.

Anyway now we'd made some sense of it. And being a pair of clever cunts we immediately started using this newfound superpower to our advantage.

This time we spent more time in each others' worlds. I could tell John felt bad about what he'd done to me and Skelli because when I returned from partying at Detonation I discovered that John had spent his time writing programs for my computer.

John wasn't thinking up these programs himself. He was duplicating the work of companies that had been successful in his timeline. We were gonna invent the internet and on day one we were gonna be bigger than Microsoft and Apple and Facebook combined. Those are some really successful computer companies in Tomorrowland for those those of you who don't know.

There would be some competition. The whole network would be free and you could build whatever you wanted on it. But only we had a foolproof way of picking winners. Everyone else would have to use trial and error. We'd be Google and you'd be Ask Jeeves. Yeah you guessed it. The first was successful and the second wasn't.

John built a social network called You Are Awaited that would let you stay in touch with old friends and make new friends too. But the social network was nothing compared to the other thing he did.

He implemented a cryptocurrency and a mining program. It would let your computer print its own money. The computer created money out of nothing but electricity and maths. Everyone who bought one of my computers would have an instant revenue stream. The thing would pay for itself.

I decided to call our currency the Firebuck. Firebucks are all just numbers stored on computers. But all the computers in the world have to agree on those numbers so no one can fuck the system up. John knew people would still want to be able to carry their money around so he set it up so you could engrave some codes onto these special cards and you could use that as money too just like a goddamn Master Charge.

I chose the motto for the cards.


    HARMONIA ABSQUE IMPERIO


The best part was that my own personal computer had a massive head start on generating Firebucks. I was gonna have all the money in the world and you'd be super excited about pedaling your bike for an hour to power your generator long enough for your computer to make you 20 cents. Hell 20 cents is better than no fucking cents so fuck you. Yes I am making the world a better place no matter what you say.

This would only work if I could get everyone to accept this new money. The only way I'd get everyone to accept it would be if everyone had some of it to spend. The only way everyone would have some of it to spend would be if everyone had one of my computers.

I needed to make a lot more of them. That would require materials and tools and fuel for the generators. And lots of money.

And yeah I knew of a way to make some quick shrapnel. All I had to do was make sure I didn't come in last.



It was race day! Your hero is in jeopardy! Are you excited race fans? Are you excited to find out who wins and who dies? Good cuz I'm gonna tell you.

I did enter the Cannibal Run. It seemed a little crazy but I'm a smart guy and a hell of a driver. And there was a lot of money up for grabs.

One other person entered. One other person. So it was me or him. One of us would be rich and one of us would be dead.

I was up against a tall musclebound badass in a blown Mustang. He'd won every race he'd ever entered. He was gorgeous and cocky. Everyone cheered when they introduced him. Then they introduced me and no one cheered. Some people laughed. I was the underdog. The race began. He let me get ahead. He toyed with me. We had some kind of tortoise and hare dynamic. His cockiness got the better of him. I used my superior intellect to take advantage of his one weakness. Then I won and I got the money I needed to make my computers. We ate him for dinner and that motherfucker got what he deserved.

Is that the story you wanted to hear?

I could have told you that's what happened.

There's no drama in competition or battle. At least not in the battle itself. Someone's gonna be better than the other person. Or someone's gonna pull some kind of trick. Or someone's gonna get lucky. That's it. The drama lies in what's at stake. The drama lies in how much you care about the participants.

Do you care about me? I don't give a shit about you. I've never met you. Writing is an asymmetrical relationship. I'm trying to make you like me without even bothering to get to know you. Sorry about that.

I could just pull the arm of a slot machine. If I won we'd celebrate. If I lost that would build up tension and make it more intense when I eventually won. We're gambling addicts every one.

Sure in this case if I'd lost I would've died maybe. Or maybe I'd have escaped. There's still a very limited number of outcomes. The universe flips some coins and someone comes out victorious.

Boring as fuck.

What makes for real drama is the limitless possibility of the human condition. What does the character learn from their experience? Do they make the world a better place? Is their lesson learned in vain? Do they improve the lives of others or leave a trail of suffering behind them? This kind of drama is still just the universe flipping coins but it's a lot more coin flips at once. Free will is an illusion but life is a hell of a ride anyway.

We like to see good people struggle and eventually succeed. We like to see bad people win a few battles but ultimately fail. We like to see people grow and change. Even the bad people. Maybe they'll start out as a person who doesn't follow laws and end up being a person who doesn't need em.

So what do you think so far? Am I a good guy or a bad guy? Maybe don't answer just yet.

I'll tell you what really happened.

The other bloke who entered the race couldn't have been older than 20. He was dressed in rags and his car was a piece of shit. I won the race.

A woman carrying a baby in her arms ran out to try to stop them from killing him and eating him. She was wailing and flailing but the crowd held her back. She watched the proceedings helplessly.

Still want me to describe his death in vivid detail?

I packed up my stuff. I tried to ignore the sound of her wailing. Eventually she quieted down as the smell of roasting flesh hit the air.

I tossed my big sacks of prize money into the trunk. I was about to close it when I saw her standing there pointing a revolver at me.

I closed the trunk.

I looked at her.

She looked at me.

She pulled the trigger again and again and again. Click click click click click click. No bullets. She threw the gun and screamed and came at me.

I pushed her off of me and got the hell out of there.

Later it occurred to me I should have named my computer after the guy. But I couldn't remember his name.

When I'm gone I hereby give all of you permission to be unable to remember my name too.

Forget me when you look at the night sky.
