[Firebird]

Some of you ain't lived through anarchy so let me tell you what it's like.

Anarchy is just freedom. Not the kind of freedom where other people have to give you something so you can be free. The kind of freedom where other people leave you the fuck alone.

Anarchy isn't the absence of order. It's the absence of government. Throughout most of human history there was no government so anarchy is our natural state. With anarchy you have some disorder but you also have something called spontaneous order.

People don't fight if they can avoid it. Von Mises said if the tailor kills the baker now the tailor's gotta learn how to bake bread. The gunfight at the OK Corral was big news in its day cuz most of the time all them people with guns on their hips got along just fine.

No matter how good you are at fighting there's always someone better. No matter how big you are there's always someone bigger. If you bring a knife they'll bring a gun. If you bring a gun they'll bring a bomb. If you bring a bomb they'll lay in wait and pick you off with a rifle. If you lay in wait for them you'll discover that they poisoned your brekkie. If your servants died tasting your brekkie for you you'll open the door and find an angry mob waiting for you. If you've disarmed the angry mob they'll keep coming until you run out of bullets.

I'll fight when cornered. But my superpower has always been running away. Run away so you can live to run away another day. Conflict resolution keeps you alive and not kicking anyone. Not causing offense is the best defense. Peace without government. Harmonia absque imperio.

Anarchy and government ain't as different from each another as you might think. Government is whatever gang has the biggest pile of guns. When people take the big pile of guns away from one gang and give it to another gang they call that an election. When the gang in charge grabs your money they call that taxes. A border is nothing but a line in the sand you're capable of defending. Laws? Good people don't need em. Bad people don't follow em. Ammon Hennacy said that. Or maybe it was Playdoh. They're both dead so who gives a fuck. Firebird said it.

You probably think we eat dog food out of fifty year old cans and bugs off the ground. Sometimes. But ask yourself where does your water come from? Where does your electricity come from? Where does your petrol come from? You don't know. It don't come from communism or socialism or capitalism. That shit comes from anarchy. Someone wants your money so they get the shit you need and they deliver it to you. We still got that here. That ain't never going away. We got food and petrol and electricity and all that shit. You don't know how to make it cuz you don't need to know. Everything is just expensive as fuck.

We have radios but you're lucky if you can find a station. We have TVs but there ain't nothing on. We don't have movies. I miss movies. We don't have phone lines or power lines cuz them wires don't stay up long. We got guns but not much ammo. Motherfuckers carry around broken guns or fake guns. They mount em on their cars.

We don't go to school but if you think that means we don't learn nothing then let me learn you something. We learn what we need to learn and we learn what we wanna learn. I started learning the moment I stopped going to school.

No we don't barter all the time. Sometimes. Money still works. People use money cuz it's convenient. Not cuz a government says it's worth anything. But with no more currency being produced and everyone being poor we got deflation instead of inflation. Bills crumpled to dust and coins went up in value. It takes all day to earn a 20 cent piece but a 20 cent piece buys you a hot meal. People sometimes use foreign coins and coins out of their antique coin collections and ball bearings and bottlecaps. Anything small and valuable. But just cuz you think something is valuable that don't mean someone else will. So shit like bottlecaps don't always work. Money stored on plastic cards is all gone but I bet somecunt out there is working on reinventing that shit right now. If they don't maybe I will.

Another question you might have is why don't everyone just steal shit from each other. You can do that but it's rude and it's dangerous. Some people carry their life savings on em but you ain't getting it off of em. Some people hide their money. Some people put it into banks but that's risky cuz days are back where robbing banks might be a good way to make a living. People grab cars all the time. You own whatever you can defend. Anything undefended gets grabbed or repurposed.

Clever cunts like me don't need to grab shit. We think of ways to give you what you need for a price. I'm a maker not a taker. I might be an asshole too sometimes but I am making the world spin.

There is one rule you have to live by no matter what planet you live on or what government you live under. It might not even matter what species you are.

This rule will make you a good person. This rule will make you money. This rule will make you friends. This rule will keep you alive.

This rule is better than the golden rule. This rule is better than the platinum rule. It's the goddamn tippitytop best rule there ever was.

Create value.

Create value for people who don't pay you. That's kindness.

Create value for people who do pay you. That's work.

Create value for people you like. That's friendship.

Create value for people you don't like. That's self-preservation.

This rule ain't easy to live by. You will face three challenges.

The first is tolerating people.

The second challenge is it's impossible to create value for everyone all the time. And you wouldn't want to. You gotta figure out when to create value and who to create it for. You gotta figure out when to charge for it and when not to. Some people don't appreciate it. Some people don't deserve it. Some people are just worth pissing off.

The third and most difficult challenge is figuring out what people will value. All value judgements are subjective. Most people don't know what they need so they won't be able to tell you. Henry Ford said people thought they needed faster horses. What they really needed was Ford Mustangs. People threw money at the guy. Ain't nothing wrong with that.



Back then when I needed money I took on big logistical or repair projects. Sometimes that meant I was delivering something myself or wrenching underneath a car but that was only if the money was good enough. Usually I managed larger projects for clients with deep pockets. You probably think that means gangsters or something. Yeah I'd work for them sometimes but I preferred to work for cunts like me who were rebuilding the world and making money doing it. My special skills were my ability to think systematically and my knowledge of when to toss the rules out the window. I'd transport or fix just about anything for anyone as long as the rewards were worth the risk.

In my spare time I worked on my homemade computer prototype.

My computer shared the garage with the Firebird. It was about the size of a refrigerator. It was already working great but I needed to make it smaller. Once my computers were small enough to carry around I was gonna start selling em.

It's not like I was trying to turn sand into silicon. You can still buy resistors and capacitors and shit. You can still get integrated circuits made. It just took time and money and knowing the right people.

What we did not have was new complex machines like cars and computers. Some of the old shit still worked but it was getting so expensive that I knew I could turn a massive profit if I offered people brand new shit. Brand new shit would be cheaper and it would last longer.

Tandy sold their year's supply of TRS-80s in the first two goddamn weeks. At the time they were selling three times as many computers as Apple.

We all knew what needed to be built. Me and the rest of the prewars remembered. The postwars had heard the stories and seen the broken artifacts. We had it all once. We could have it all again. We needed time and smarts. And we needed the assholes to fuck off.

I was soldering a board for my computer when I flipped on the radio. They were playing Crawl Out Through The Fallout by Sheldon Allman. Yeah that's a real song. It came out in 1960. In postapocalyptic What's-Left-O'Sydney we only had one radio station but the music was great.

The news was a joke. There were heaps of rumors. And heaps of advertisements.

An ad came on for a company called Exotic Travels. I'd heard of them before. They had a great reputation for getting you where you wanted to go. Once you're there you're on your own. But they'd get you there. Anywhere in the world. You might be wondering how do we cross oceans. Boats motherfucker. It's dangerous and expensive and it takes forever but we do it.

The ad said the USA was a green place where everything was better so everyone should go. I'd been dreaming of getting back to the states ever since the Big Bang. I put away my project and went to bed and dreamed about how beautiful New Jersey must be this time of year.

The next day I put all of my money into a big fucking box in the passenger seat and headed to Exotic Travels.

Exotic Travels was six hours west of O'Sydney and it's scary driving around with all that shrapnel but it's usually ok as long as nobody knows what you got on you. Problem is people know that if you're gonna buy a ticket across an ocean you must have something of value to buy it with. So there's a "police" roadblock out by Exotic Travels. They ain't real police. But your police ain't real neither. Your police are just assholes with guns and so are mine.

Anyway you can pull up and pay their toll but that toll is so much that if I paid it I wouldn't be able to afford my ticket.

You're probably hoping that this is where the action begins. But action ain't my goal. Shouldn't be your goal neither. If I'd been an outta-controller-rock-n-roller who craved action my story would have been over a long time ago. I just wanted to be left alone with a shred of dignity. And to make it back to the USA. And to fix up my car and have a girlfriend or two. Ok maybe I did want a few things and maybe it was gonna take some action to get them but I sure as hell was not looking forward to it.

I paid some motherfucker to go through the roadblock ahead of me to distract the assholes while I drove around. They caught him and sliced him up. Good thing I only paid half in advance.

I made it to Exotic Travels. This place had a wall around it with snipers and shit. These cunts had money. If you have something of value you have to hide it or defend it. Especially if you settle down in one place. They made me show them my box of shrapnel and they let me in.

I dragged my big heavy box into the building. The ticket counter kinda reminded me of a shitty airport. I hate airports.

There was a big sign that said NO REFUNDS. I dumped my life savings onto the counter.

I made it clear to the cunt in charge that this ticket was for me and my car. I wasn't gonna leave my Firebird. I could build a new computer but there would never be a new Firebird.

The cunt gave me my ticket.

He said no refunds. Yeah I got that.

He said the boat leaves with or without me. Fine.

He said if it's up to them they'll keep my money and leave without me. Got it asshole.

He pointed out the window to a weird looking kid. He told me that kid was a messenger who'd come find me in a few weeks and he'd let me know when and where the boat would be waiting. It all sounds sketchy as hell and I normally wouldn't have trusted it but I was there cuz these cunts had a sparkling reputation.

On the way out I asked some bogan if he knew a way through the roadblock. "Pay the toll" he said.

"I don't have any money."

"You're gonna die" was all he said. Then he walked away.

Messenger Kid was getting into an old Valiant. I tried to stop him and ask how he got through the roadblock but he just ignored me and started up his car. I figured he must have some trick so I followed him out.

On the way to the roadblock he came up on a mystery girl on the side of the road hitchhiking. He stopped so I did too. I kept my distance. He let Mystery Girl in. Rather than sitting up in the seat she curled up and hid. He took off and continued in the direction of the roadblock.

Roadblock was two blokes and two cars. There was an old geezer with a mohawk sitting in a buggy and a fake cop standing beside a fake cop car. They looked sweaty and bored from having to stand around being assholes all day.

Fake Cop was trying to act like a real cop. Old Geezer was reading a book. How the fuck should I know what he was reading? I can only assume it was How to Win Friends and Influence People.

When Messenger Kid got there they just waved him by. Some trick. Exotic Travels and the roadblockers were in cahoots. Or the roadblockers just knew better than to mess with the cunts who were bringing in the money.

Exotic Travels wasn't gonna let me back in without any money and I was almost out of petrol so I said fuck it. I take pride in using my brain to solve shit like this but I didn't have time to come up with some big plan. All I could think of was to go around them and power through it.

So it's time for some action. I hope you motherfuckers enjoy it. You think I survived to tell this fucking story but for all you know I'm paralyzed from the neck down or maybe I'm some kind of ghost. Let's find out.

You can drive around their roadblock and yeah I was gonna have to do that. But it slows you down and it's really risky. If you get a flat tire you are gonna have to stop and get out of your car and then it all goes to shit.

I drove at them really fucking fast and veered around them into the dirt. The shocks were topping out and everything was shaking like crazy but the Firebird held together.

Old Geezer couldn't get his shitty buggy started. As I went by he got a real good look at me and I got a real good look at him.

"Little Shit! That's my car!" he shouted.

That's right. Old Geezer was Mohawk Asshole. The terrorist who killed my family 25 years ago.

I reminded him at the top of my lungs that "Attachment leads to suffering!"

Decades later he's still hung up on that car. I'd had that car longer than he ever did so the universe clearly wanted me to have it.

I got back on the road and kicked it in the guts. Fake Cop didn't have any trouble starting up his fake police car but he was slow getting that thing turned around so that bought me a few seconds. He turned on his fake sirens and tried to catch up. I put a little distance between us but I had to blow right by the servo I'd planned to stop at for fuel.

Then because life can never be simple I started catching up to Messenger Kid and Mystery Girl in the Valiant.

I was just gonna pass them but Mystery Girl was freaking out thinking I was there to fuck with her. She leaned out the window and pointed a big fucking gun at me so I hit the brakes. She yelled something like "Lick my prickly flaps!"

I tried to get around them on the driver's side so she couldn't shoot me. Messenger Kid cut me off but then he went off the road and got the Valiant stuck.

I laughed as I blew by them but then the tanks ran dry.

I coasted to a stop and got out.

Messenger Kid had a Bugs Bunny doll in his hand. He pulled a string on the doll and it said "Now take it easy!" Then he and Bugs bugged out back in the direction of Exotic Travels.

Mystery Girl was strutting up the road toward me. I couldn't help but notice she was really good looking especially walking that way and carrying that big gun.

Was it a gun? No it was not a gun. I foolishly pointed that out to her. "That's not a gun."

"Nah mate it's a steel pipe." She hit me in the face with the not gun.

I fell over and she jumped on me and started punching me. I'd never been punched by such a pretty girl before. She was really dirty but she smelled great.

I tried to tell her there was an asshole chasing me and we needed to stop fighting and start hiding but it was hard to talk when she was punching me so hard.

"Your nads are gonna be my coin purse" she said. I would have laughed but she said it so coldly and methodically.

Then we heard the fake sirens as the fake cop car came over the horizon.

She ran and hid and left me there on the ground with blood shooting out of my eyeballs. I could barely see.

I heard the cop car come to a stop right by my feet. The engine shut off. The door opened. Footsteps. Fuck.

I felt the Fake Cop's boot press against my throat.

Then I heard Mystery Girl yell "Kiss my dirt button!"

There was a scuffle. Then a cracking sound as Mystery Girl's pipe crunched Fake Cop's dumb old skull.

Thud.

She's pretty great when she's not punching you. She gave me an Australian flag bandana to wipe the blood off my face. She introduced herself. "Mad Skelli."

"Firebird."

"Sorry I thought you were a friend of my ex."

"Who's your ex?"

"The dead guy."

"When did you break up?"

"Just now."

"Where you headed to?"

"Not headed to" she said. "Headed away."

I noticed that her ex boyfriend now ex person had on a badass cowboy hat. I grabbed it and put it on. "Nice hat asshole" I said to his stupid fucking carcass.



We spent the next few weeks together at my place in O'Sydney.

I showed Skelli my homemade computer. She asked a lot of questions. I showed her how to write programs for it.

Once she started she couldn't stop. She stayed up late every night and a week later she'd created a game called Alien Guzzaline Wars where people shoot at monsters. Compared to Atari's shit them graphics was like you were there in the trenches watching the blood splatter as you bumped off Nazi aliens. Damn she was sexy.

I'm not gonna get into the kissing and fucking stuff but yeah we did all that.

I asked her if we were dating.

She said "I dunno. You're the first to survive the audition."

It was pretty great but I'd spent my life's savings on that ticket to the USA and Messenger Kid was bound to show up any day now to tell me when I'd have to say goodbye.



Since there's not much smooth concrete or bitumen around I'd converted my old skateboard into a dirtboard with tires instead of urethane wheels. It's hard as hell to push around on but it's fun to ride down hills.

I was out rolling around on it when I noticed Messenger Kid watching timidly from behind a wall.

I said "Hey Messenger Kid. Got a message for me?"

He came out. He had that bunny on him. He pulled its string. "What's up doc?"

He handed me a note with the time and place I'd be meeting the boat. Tomorrow 9am at a dock by the Opera Ruins. Pack tonight. Head out early. No problem.

I said to him "Wanna give it a try?" I pointed at the skateboard.

He got on the board. He didn't know how to ride it and he was afraid to go downhill. So I got the idea to tie a rope around the front truck and pull him around. He managed to fall off anyway. He got back and on fell off like six more times.

Then he grabbed the rope and pointed at the board. I got on and let him pull me around.

We came upon a scary fucking pickup truck idling beside a little store and he got an idea. He pointed at the trailer hitch.

I figured out what he was trying to tell me and I went up and ran the rope through the hitch and all the way back to the board. Then I wrapped it behind the front truck and held the end of the rope in my hand. That way I'd have something to hold on to when we took off. But there was no knot involved so if I let the rope go the board would just release itself from the hitch.

We sat on the curb behind the truck and acted innocent.

The motherfucker who owned the scary truck bolted out of that place. The store owner was yelling at him like maybe he'd just grabbed something.

He climbed into his truck. I stood up on the board and pulled the rope taut. He spun out and took off with me in tow.

For the first few seconds this idea of ours went great. Messenger Kid jumped up and down and lifted his fists in the air.

I must have been going 50 kays when I hit a bump and I was like that Charger in the Dukes of Hazzard.

Yeah I know all my pop culture references are from the 70s. Fuck you. It's cuz my world blew up. I haven't seen a movie in decades. If I don't retell these stories they'll fade away forever. The 70s sucked but the cars and movies and TV shows were great.

Speaking of TV shows Milton Friedman was on Donahue twice. That means that after they did a daytime talk show where a Nobel prize winning economist blathered on for an hour the producers got together and said hey that was fun and profitable and we should do it again. Mom made us sit down and watch it both times.

And speaking of movies For Your Eyes Only and The Cannonball Run came out in the same goddamn week. What a week to have been alive.

Did you see The Cannonball Run? Did you know most of the shit in that movie really happened? Nobody in that movie gave a fuck. Nowadays nobody gives a fuck because there's nothing to give a fuck about. But back in those days everyone was supposed to give a fuck and the coolest thing you could do was not give a fuck.

Anyway me and my skateboard flew into the air like that Charger in the Dukes of Hazzard. Only the board went one way and I went the other. I hit the ground and tumbled like I always do but at that speed you're gonna take some damage. I had on a t-shirt and jeans and by the time I stopped rolling there wasn't much left of that shirt.

We limped back to my place and Messenger Kid stitched me up. I noticed he was wearing a nice leather jacket and I figured I could use something like that. I asked if he got it around here. He nodded and pulled on my arm so I followed him.

We walked until we reached an abandoned police station from back in the days when people could still say the word "justice" with a straight face. We crawled through a broken window. I was hoping for guns or handcuffs too but the only thing worth a damn in that place was those leather jackets.

But oh did I find a leather jacket. You have to understand that in my world you rarely come upon the perfect anything. Mostly you have to make do and make it work. But the jacket I found fit me perfectly and made me look like the love child of Steve McQueen and Peter Fonda.

I asked him "How do I look?"

Messenger Kid pulled the string. "I like you."

"I like you too Messenger Kid."

The sun was setting when we got back. Skelli had made food.

Messenger Kid's bunny asked "Eh what's cookin doc?"

Skelli yelled "Messenger Kid!" and gave him a huge kiss. "Thanks for smuggling my tits past those gutdroppers" she said.

We finished dinner. "It's my last night in Straya" I said. "We should go out. I know some cunts who make ice cream."

The three of us went out to my garage. I opened the door.

My badass Firebird was gone.

No one knew where I lived. No one knew there was a car in that garage.

"Fuck!" I looked over at Messenger Kid. "Did someone follow you here?"

There was no way anyone could have gotten that car started in less than an hour. I'd put in six separate kill switches. I looked around. I looked down. Tire tracks. Big deep tire tracks. Their tires and the Firebird's. "Someone towed it."

Skelli sighed. "Mohawk Asshole has a tow truck."

"How well do you know that fucker?" I asked.

"He was my ex's best friend. His name is Steve Scholz AKA Warez. I know where he lives."

"I know where he lives too. Or at least where he likes to hang out and harass innocent travelers. Six hours away at speed." I looked at my watch. "It's 9pm. I have to be back here in twelve hours."

Then I looked at Messenger Kid. "We're taking your car. I'm driving. I owe you both an ice cream."

We all squeezed into Messenger Kid's Valiant and headed west. I put my foot to the floor and we proceeded at... checking the speedo... fuck... 100 kays. It was dark but I kept the lights off in case we caught up to that fucker. I drove by the light of the moon and by feel.

Six hours later we did catch up to him. And there was my precious Firebird facing backward and chained helplessly to his tow truck. It was a loud and slow Loadmaster from the 40s. His lights were on but they were dim as fuck. He hadn't spotted us even though we were right on top of him. It was too dark and that V8 was too noisy.

"Messenger Kid you take over. I'll climb into the Firebird. Skelli you hop on the truck and let the chain down real slow."

So here's some more of that action you crave. I'm glad you find it so entertaining when my life is in danger. This book had better make me big money. Maybe a movie deal when somecunt gets movies working again.

I climbed out the window of the Valiant. I slipped and almost went under the wheels. Suddenly this did not seem like such a good plan. But I made it in through the window of the Firebird. I put on my seat belt. I put my keys in the ignition and unlocked the wheel and put it in neutral. I was now in my car pointed downward at a 45 degree angle with the rear wheels off the ground. Rolling backward at something like 80 kays.

Skelli climbed out of the Valiant and onto the truck. She slowly turned the crank. The Firebird's back wheels inched closer to the roadway.

At this point it's worth reminding you fucks that it was three in the morning.

Mohawk Asshole was falling asleep at the wheel. I know this because we started casually drifting off the road. Skelli started cranking furiously and a moment later all four of the Firebird's wheels were on the ground.

The Firebird was now a four-wheeled trailer and a four-wheeled trailer does not track. Yes I knew this would happen but I figured that future me would figure it out. But what had once been future me was now present me and present me had no idea what to do either.

Tires were screeching and vehicles were fishtailing and we were still chained together. I pressed as hard as I could on the brake. Skelli jumped off the truck and rolled. Mohawk Asshole's truck bumped into a tree and crunched its radiator. The chain had just enough slack in it that the Firebird's ass came to a stop a couple centimeters from the back of the tow truck.

I started up my badass car and tried to get loose but the tires were just spinning. Skelli ran to the back. I put it in reverse and relieved the tension in the chain so she could unhook it.

Mohawk Asshole got out. His face was bloody and the steering wheel had somehow come off and wrapped itself around his neck. It was gross and kinda scary.

Messenger Kid stopped and smiled and held the bunny out the window. He pulled the string. I was expecting "Now take it easy" but what we got was "Hey take me with ya."

Mohawk Asshole grabbed the bunny and threw it on the ground. He tugged on the door handle. The handle came off in his hand and the door stayed put. Messenger Kid quickly rolled up the window and puttered away.

Skelli did not have to do what she did next and it was brave as fuck. She walked right up to Mohawk Asshole and grabbed the steering wheel that was around his neck. She used it to keep him at arm's length. She reached down and picked up Messenger Kid's bunny. She put the string in her mouth and pulled it like she was gonna throw a grenade.

She held the bunny right in his face. It said "I like carrots."

She jumped into the window of the Firebird. Mohawk Assole grabbed a hold of her leg. We dragged him a bit before he dropped off and all he got was her shoe. As we drove off he yelled something about killing me and everyone I loved.



We cruised back to O'Sydney dodging roos at 200 kays.

"Eastbound and down" I said.

"What's that?" she asked.

"You've never seen Smokey and the Bandit?"

"I've never seen any movie" she said. Turned out she was a postwar. "What was the Big Bang like?" she asked.

"Best thing that's ever happened to me."

"Did you lose anyone?"

"I lost everyone."

A moment passed in silence. Then she replied.

"My identical twin died of food poisoning when I was four. I didn't understand that she was gone. I kept asking my parents where she was."

I know some of you are choosing to consider this a work of fiction but I assure you that right there is the realest shit you've ever read.



The sun started to rise over O'Sydney. I looked down at my dad's watch. I discovered it had been smashed during the previous night's escapade. I took it off and tossed it out the window.

When we got to the Opera Ruins the boat was still there but it had begun to move away from the dock.

I kept on it. There was less than a meter between the dock and the boat but the gap was growing fast. But unlike Skelli I had seen Smokey and the Bandit. I knew what to do. I gave it the bejeezus.

We flew over that gap. We almost killed a few of the passengers on the boat but they all managed get the fuck out of our way. I hit the brakes and screeched to a stop. Maintain your brakes and you'll live long enough to appreciate your engine.

We stepped out of my badass car. Skelli smoking hot as always and me in my badass cowboy hat and Stever McFondaQueen Sex Jacket.

A little tyke walked up to me said "That was awesome."

I tossed the kid a five cent piece. "Ain't no movie stars any more. Just us."

"We're giving em back their heroes" Skelli said.

We kissed. She jumped off the boat and swam back to the dock.

She climbed out of the water and yelled "I love you."

"Attachment leads to suffering" I yelled back.

"Hope you get scurvy" she shouted cheerfully.
