[Firebird]

The world will never run out of anything. I guarantee it.

Take oil for example. If we ever start to run out of oil the cunts that sell it will raise the price until people stop paying it. No one will want that expensive shit anymore and we'll leave it in the ground. People will put electric motors in their cars and charge them up with windmills.

Even if you force someone to sell oil at a low price we won't run out of it. You'll just force them out of business because their costs will be too high and their revenue will be too low. There will be local shortages but a shortage has nothing to do with the world running out of something. A shortage just means that thing you want is really far away and hard to get. Pay somecunt enough and they'll get it for you.

High prices don't stay high for long. High prices are like someone shouting into a megaphone that selling that thing is a good business to get into. Clever cunts hear the message and get into that business. Competition increases. Prices come down.

Paul Ehrlich predicted that overpopulation would kill the world so Julian Simon bet him a thousand bucks that any five resources he chose would be cheaper ten years later. Simon would've won that bet if it hadn't been for the Big Bang. I'm certain of it.

Throughout human history if you were to bet on a long enough timeframe that things would get better you'd be right every time. Even after the Big Bang you'd still be right. We're rebuilding the world right now. We just need a slightly longer timeframe.

I'd spent the past five years in California improving my computer and saving up money to drive home to New Jersey. It was finally time to pack up and head east. 

The archetypical American road trip was always to head west toward the wide open spaces and laid-back attitudes. I hoped my reverse road trip would turn out better for me than it did for them blokes in Easy Rider. I was pretty sure it would cuz I knew there was a heap of silver bars locked in a safe in our home in New Jersey and I was the only person left on earth who knew the combination.

Route 66. Joshua Tree. Saguaros. Grand Canyon. Monument Valley. Arches. Natural bridges. Wile E. Coyote and Road Runner. Jonathan Richman on the radio. Plymouth paid Warner Brothers a heap of money to put Road Runner decals on them cars. The horn even made the Road Runner sound. Meep meep motherfucker.

I'd never seen any of this shit except in pictures. Looked just as good after the Big Bang as it had before. Better now cuz no one else was here. Hell is other tourists.

The cities were smashed but cunts heard me coming and emerged from the rubble. They flagged me down and offered me petrol at exorbitant prices which I happily paid. If petrol were cheap then everyone would be taking road trips. As it was I had the country to myself.

Radio breaks the law of supply and demand. Once the signal hits the air radio's free. If you share it nobody loses and everybody wins. Like knowledge. Or fire. Listening to the radio isn't like taking a slice of a pie. Everyone who listens to the radio gets their own damn pie.

I don't know how it was possible but there was someone on the radio on every goddamn kilometer of Route 66. Civilization was gone but weirdos in remote outposts still spent all day and night shouting into the void and playing records for no one. I heard ads occasionally but there was no way those ads were paying for all of this. These people loved what they did. And I loved what they did.

The radio kept me going when I had no petrol. It kept me going when I had no food. It kept me going when I had no water. If I'd had no air I would have breathed music.

When I was a kid I recorded songs off the radio cuz I couldn't afford the records. I'd be pissed when the DJ would walk all over my music. One time I got a record for my birthday. Heart Of Glass. I listened to that record a lot. But sometimes I'd still play my tape recording of the song because I missed hearing the DJ's voice over it.

I was cannonballing through Arizona about to hit New Mexico when a DJ saved my life.

"You're listening to Uranium Springs Radio" he said. "Get your fix on Route 66. Follow us all the way home. Coast to coast proof you're never alone. Shut up and listen I've got what you've been missing. I am the Swede and I've got what you need. Here's the news. Stay away from the crossroads in Gallup. It's a birthday bash you do not wanna crash. Go dark. Go quiet. And go at night. This has been the news. Now back to the music. Rush. Spirit of Radio."

When I got close to Gallup I stopped and waited for night to fall. I turned off the headlights and took the side streets.

It was immediately clear what intersection he was talking about. An overpass came into view. Chockablock with assholes frolicking around and playing Twister and burning cars and shit. They were doing bad things to people who I hoped deserved it but who I suspected did not.

Thanks for the tip Swede.



Texas. 

Driving distills the experience of navigating through space into its purest form.

Oklahoma.

Driving is a primal act.

Missouri.

Every creature that's capable of locomotion needs to be able to remember its way around. How to find the way back to that spot where there was water. How to avoid that spot where there was a bear. It's what we share with the mice and the fish and the cockroaches and the dinosaurs.

Illinois.  

When you need to remember a list there's a trick you can use where you envision each item sitting in a different room of your childhood home. Later when you need to recall that list you imagine walking through the house and seeing each item in each room.

Indiana.

I made up a list of items to remember as a game to keep me awake. I imagined a glass of water on the floor in the foyer of our house in New Jersey. A bear sitting in a chair in the library. A mouse running across the TV in the family room. A fish swimming through the air in the kitchen. A cockroach on a plate in the dining room. A dinosaur in the living room. A bunch of silver bars in my parents' bedroom.

Ohio.

Foyer: Water. Library: Bear. Family room: Mouse. Kitchen: Fish. Dining room: Cockroach. Living room: Dinosaur. Parents' bedroom: Silver bars.

Pennsylvania. 

Water. Bear. Mouse. Fish. Cockroach. Dinosaur. Silver bars.

New Jersey.

It had been thirty years and I'd never driven on these roads myself but I knew how to get there.

Maybe mom and dad and sis would be there waiting and we could start all over again.

When I arrived it was a dark night with no moon. I camped out in a wooded area by our house where I used to try to take my bike over these sweet jumps we'd built.

The sun woke me up. I opened my eyes and crawled out of the car.

The trees were blackened trunks with no branches. The entire neighborhood was gone. Houses and mailboxes and flowerbeds and bicycles and above-ground pools. Gone. The charred remnants were overgrown with weeds.

I stepped into my house. What used to be my house. What used to be my home.

I kicked over the blackened boards that were once the walls of my bedroom.

I found dad's safe sitting half obscured in the brush. The door was hanging off its hinges. The silver was long gone.

All that was left in the safe was a reel of movie film. The fire hadn't gotten to it but the elements had. I held a piece up to the sky. It crumbled in my hands.
