[Firebird]

Since the Big Bang the Gathering had become known as the place we come to find thems we're looking for and thems we've lost. Whether you're looking for love or a friend you haven't met yet or an enemy you haven't battled yet or someone you knew once and lost. We needed a designated meeting place. That's the Gathering. 

They'd held a Gathering every year since Year Zero. I hadn't been to all of them of course. But now that I was living in the USA I'd been attending them every year. They always happened in the same place in California at the same time of year.

Nowadays pretty much everyone in the world knew about the Gathering. Not many could afford to attend but those who could did. There were lots of local gatherings too. But if the person you were looking for might have ended up anywhere in the world the gathering you'd find them at would be the big one in California City USA.

I knew John would be at Wasteland and John knew I would be here. We knew we might trade places.

Since the Death Rally I'd invested all of my money and time into hand-building ten more of my new computers to sell at the Gathering. I decided to call my computer the Firebuddy.

It should have been easy to sell a box that produces money and friends. But the thing would only really be useful if other people had the boxes too. No one was buying. No one wanted to be the first person to jump in the damn pool.

I was going to have to advertise. I decided to go see the cunt that ran the Gathering's newspaper and a bunch of other papers too.

I pulled up in front of his tiny office in my rumbling V8. The cunt popped his head out to get a look at my badass car.

I introduced myself. "Firebird."

"Yes it is."

"So am I."

"Huh?"

"I am Firebird. Who are you?"

"Deadline."

"How many eyeballs does your paper reach?" I asked.

"Eight thousand" he said absently. Still gawking at my car.

"That's over four thousand people" I replied.

I tried to pitch the idea of him doing an article on the Firebuddy but he wasn't having it. He said he'd be happy to sell me an ad. But I'd gone all in on building ten of these fancy high tech machines so I couldn't afford an ad. I had nothing left to offer.

Except.

I was 100% sure the Firebuddy could change the world. The question was would other people realize that too? Was I willing to bet everything?

The reward was worth the risk. 

No way I was gonna sell my car. But what I would do was bet my car.

I told Deadline he could have my car if he gave me an ad in every paper from now until forever. But if he ever wanted to publish a story about the Firebuddy in any of his papers we'd cancel the ad deal and he'd give me the car back.

Today I was small enough to need advertising. Tomorrow I'd be big enough to be news.

We shook on it. I handed him the keys.

I wrote down the ad copy:

MAKE MONEY
FIND LOVE
TRUST THE ALGORITHM
GET YOUR FIREBUDDY TODAY

Deadline got a kick out of it. "Say buddy I can tell you're an idea man" he said. "I've got an idea too. Let me show you something."

He took me into his tiny office and then into an even tinier workshop behind it. There was a big mess of wires on the bench connecting a small vertically mounted square to a red light bulb on the table. He flipped a switch and the red light came on. He grabbed a flashlight from the table and told me to close the door.

When I closed the door the red light went off. This was a windowless room so this whole situation was getting kind of uncomfortable.

Then he turned on the flashlight. The red light came on again.

Deadline was a weird guy. I opened the door. "That's cool man" I said and walked out.

That night I slept under the stars on top of a pile of Firebuddies.



I sold five.

The Gathering would be over soon. I was fucked.

Or I thought I was fucked. Until I figured out what to do with the other five.

I had John research the lives of our five customers' doppelgangers in his timeline to see if they had friends or spouses or whatever in Tomorrowmorrowland that they hadn't yet met in Epoxyclypse. I talked to each customer and told them that the almighty Algorithm needed to know who they were friends with so it could use that information to find them new friends. So now for each customer I had a list of friends they had and had not met! It was not easy but for each customer I found someone at the Gathering to match them to who they'd never met before but who I was sure they'd like. I gave each of those people one the remaining Firebuddies for free. 

They all got in touch with each other on You Are Awaited and they all hit it off. Then I had five pairs of happy people that were shouting from the rooftops about the miracle that was the Firebuddy. "Trust the Algorithm" they said. I'd accidentally started a cult. 

I frantically took orders and started putting together a gang of clever cunts that could build the next run of Firebuddies for me.

At that point if I'd had a door Deadline would have knocked it down to get an interview. He gave me back my car. He'd even washed the thing and put some new shoes on it. The guy was a class act. 

We went back to his office. The interview went off the rails when John and I accidentally switched places but that only served to generate more buzz. Everyone wanted to know more about the mad genius named Firebird and his magical Firebuddy.



On my way out of the Gathering I stopped in to say goodbye to Deadline. He wasn't there. His door was open and his office was trashed.



...clarify why swede is there too, maybe mention it earlier...



The Swede came out to meet me. "Hey John what's going on? How'd it go?"

"I'm Firebird. Or at least right now I am. Good to see you again. I don't think we've spoken since the Death Rally."

"Firebird again eh? Well Deadline's gone missing." 

He explained that he was Deadline's boss. The newspaper had received a series of threats. Deadline had been last seen at the Civil Defense outpost.

I looked around the office. There were "clues" all over. An unpublished article about the sex practices of a local tribe. Drawings and notes connected nonsensically by strings on a bulletin board. A Twinkie on a chair. 

People don't threaten to do shit. They just do it. People don't get murdered with 4000 people standing around and nobody seeing anything.

I was sure he was alive but I had no clue where to look for him. Ok I had clues but they were super shitty ones. None of it made any sense but I promised Swede I'd do whatever I could.

I got to Civil Defense as quickly as I could. I asked about Deadline and they said they'd seen him. When he left he'd said he was going to do a story on the Cult of Catmeat. The Cult of Catmeat is a bunch of idiots who worship a cat. They said Grotch their leader had already left the Gathering but she lived in Joshua Tree so I might be able to find her there.

I'd been considering spending some time in Phoenix Crater since that's where John was living and he loved it. Well John was living in Phoenix Noncrater but you know what I mean. Anyway I figured if I were in Phoenix Crater John and I could trade places any time we wanted. So I left the Gathering and headed for Arizona. 

I stopped in Joshua Tree to pay Grotch a visit. I found her and a bunch of her followers in an old Christian church which was now looking more like a Satanic one. I sat down in the back and watched their antics.

Grotch had on a three foot tall pope hat but it was all black like she was some kind of goth popette. The altar of the Cult of Catmeat was covered with stuffed cats. I hoped they were all toys and not real cats but I didn't look too closely. Catmeat himself was there lying in a cardboard box and paying no attention to his adoring minions. The cult members were lined up to receive their communion or baptism or whatever and Grotch was spitting a spray of blood or wine or something into each of their faces.

When the bullshit was over I introduced myself to Grotch and told her I was looking for an asshole named Deadline who owed me money. I only said that because I was trying to get her to be upfront with me if she'd fucked with him.

"He showed up in a bitchin Trans Am and interviewed several of us at the Gathering. Being a good journalist he participated in one of our ceremonies."

"He let you spit on him."

"Baptize him. Yeah. Then things got weird when an asshole with a mohawk showed up and stabbed him. But Deadline is one of us now. We threw the asshole out and stitched Deadline up."

"Did the asshole with the mohawk say anything?"

"He said he wanted his car back."