[John]

After Gathering/Wasteland Firebird relocated to Phoenix, or as they call it in Epoxyclypse, Phoenix Crater. He wanted to trade places on a regular basis. I found this terrifying. 

I didn't want to spend that much time in Epoxyclypse. I both loved it and hated it. I did like the idea of traveling to an alternate reality where I might end up being the richest person on earth. But having the ability to hop between worlds was also very anxiety-inducing. To ensure we traded places, we had to agree to meet at very specific places and times. If we were off a bit in space or time we wouldn't swap. Other times we'd accidentally cross paths and find ourselves thrown into unfamiliar situations. I don't even want to imagine what would happen if he decided to leave me stranded in his timeline. These kinds of thoughts had been giving me panic attacks since the first time it happened.

I'd had my first panic attack many years prior, when I got my friend pregnant. I lurched up out of bed in the middle of the night. I thought I was having a heart attack at age 27. I went outside with my phone and dialed 911. I figured, if I started to pass out, I'd press send.

They became more frequent when my daughter was born. I was in college trying to make a better life for myself, and for her, too, when I was sued for child support.

As I struggled to finish school, the attacks became so frequent that they all blended together to become a state of perpetual anxiety. I felt like I was having a heart attack every single second of every single day. 

I remember the last normal moment to go was the moment I'd wake up. There was a time when, no matter how bad things got, I could always wake up with a fresh outlook and maybe even manage to forget the bad stuff for a few seconds before it would all come crashing down on my chest again making it impossible to breathe. When I lost even that peaceful moment of waking up, I would wake up and my heart would already be pounding. Had it been pounding all night long? I'd wonder.

Cortisol, released during times of stress, suppresses the immune system and inhibits learning and memory. Adrenaline constricts blood flow, making heart attacks more likely, and causes heart palpitations, which are very exciting when you're already thinking you're having a heart attack. 

I was always sick. My memory of those times is foggy.

I could have been diagnosed with anxiety disorder. They could have prescribed me drugs. The drugs might have helped. But I knew that it was the problems in my life that were causing my feelings, moods, emotions, and unhappiness. I was determined to stay off of those drugs at any cost.

I fixed my life. It took a decade. 

Not everyone can do that. Some people's brains have physical or chemical problems that can't be fixed by new actions and new outlooks. But doctors don't know what's causing you to feel the way you do. All they know is they can prescribe you drugs that will make you feel a little better. They don't even know how most of those drugs work. So if you're going through what I went through, don't give up on the idea of getting better. It might happen for you, too, someday.

Nowadays I'm even what most people would call "successful." But that's a much more fragile state than it sounds. Until you have a pile of cash big enough to retire on, you're just chasing the almighty dollar like everyone else. Even when you finally get that big pile of cash you'll worry about losing it.

My ability to form new memories never properly returned. I have to obsessively make lists and put everything on my calendar. I'm bad with both names and faces.

I did not enjoy the return of panic attacks to my weekly routine.

Visiting Epoxyclypse had been an adventure, for sure. But adventures involve facing things you're not prepared for and taking risks. Wouldn't it be better to adequately prepare for everything and reduce the risks as much as possible?

Risk vs. reward is a funny thing to try to measure. If things go wrong, you're likely, in hindsight, to think you must have made a mistake in your measurement. 

Imagine preparing to cross a street. You decide to take the risk and step into the road. You get hit by a car. Afterward, you wouldn't say, "Gosh, I guess it just wasn't worth the risk to cross the street that day." That's because the benefits of crossing the street are mundane, obvious, and commonly accepted. And the risks are relatively low.

Now imagine risking your life savings to start a business. I'm imagining an automobile restoration shop. If the business failed, I'd never forgive myself. But what if it really had been a great idea? What if I would have succeeded had it not been for some tiny freak event that unexpectedly changed the market for my services? I'd have no way of knowing.

It takes a certain kind of irrational person to risk everything to open a business, fail, and risk everything again to open another. Those irrational people make the world turn, and I thank them for it. But that wasn't for me. I just wanted to show up at my job every day, get paid, go home, and take lots of vacations. I was well on my way to a comfortable retirement and I didn't want to do anything to mess that up.

In Epoxyclypse the risk of being randomly attacked or killed was much greater. But the risk of our business ventures failing was much lower. I knew exactly what to build. It just took time. 

And I did kind of owe Firebird, and Skelli. And there was the appeal of succeeding at everything I tried and becoming the richest person on earth.





