[Firebird]

Wasteland Weekend? Spoiled motherfuckers. My life is not your theme park. John's lucky Skelli didn't hit him with a steel pipe.

You fuckers with your anxiety and your depression. The impala overcomes its chronic fatigue syndrome as the cheetah approaches. I'm a goddamn impala every goddamn day. You don't know how good you have it. Airplanes. Skyscrapers. Clean water. Antibiotics. Enough food to make everyone fat. No child mortality. Cell phones. The motherfucking internet. You have everything and you think the world owes you more. 

Eat the rich? You mean let everyone else on earth eat the Americans? There ain't no such thing as a free lunch. I didn't get a free education. I don't get free health care. We have teachers and doctors but someone has to pay them to teach and doct. Someone has to pay your teachers and doctors too. If someone else chooses to pay for your teachers and doctors that's very kind of them. If you force someone else to pay for your teachers and doctors that's not very kind of you. Where I come from we help poor people and sick people and old people but we do it because we want to not because we have to.

Someone said if you don't like people then you're not gonna sell any books. I guess we're gonna have to give these things away.

I was pissed at John for fucking things up with Skelli. It had been a few months since Skelli had last seen "me" but a decade since I'd last seen her. I was worried I'd never see her again. Sure I'd been with other girls but you never forget the first girl who tries to murder you. Any girl can call you a sociopath but I missed hearing it from Skelli because every day she'd say it in some new colorful way.

One good thing that came from trading places with John was getting a chance to see them little pocket computers you all have in Tomorrowmorrowland. When I was there I got heaps of ideas for ways to improve my homemade computer. Mine still wasn't anywhere near as small as the computers in Tomorrowmorrowland but you could carry it around in a backpack. You could hook it up to a TV set and typewriter and a walkie talkie and then not only would you have your own computer but you'd be on a network that didn't use any wires. Now that I'd seen them pocket computers I knew for sure I was on the right track.



Every May there was a race out in Uranium Springs called the Cannibal Run. Everyone who participates gets a prize except the one who comes in last. Unless you consider being killed and eaten getting a prize in which case they get a prize too. Yeah they cook and eat the loser.

I'd never spent any time in Uranium Springs but aside from the Cannibal Run it's supposed to be a real friendly town. Ever since the Swede had saved me with a radio broadcast that lonely night I'd wanted to visit the place. Maybe I'd get a chance to thank him in person.

The race itself was on the last day of the event. Yes I know you're hoping I'm gonna be in that race. And yes the prizes were large amounts of cash. But no I was not gonna enter. I don't take stupid risks. Sounded like a hell of a show though. I'll describe the loser's death in vivid detail if that's what gets you off.

I got there and set up camp. Then I went to the big radio tower. 

I had found the voice that had come from out of the darkness.

"You're the Swede and you've got what I need! Years ago I heard you on the radio and you helped me find my way across this godforsaken country. You saved me from some serious shit."

"Glad to hear you say it."

"Someday I'll repay it" I promised. "You live here?"

"Not any more" he said. "I come out here for events. I'm in socal now."

"You ever make it to the Gathering?" I asked.

"I never miss it. I run the radio station there too."

"Cool maybe I'll see you again then."

Then he vanished. Literally before my eyes he vanished. I was in the same place but it was different. It had happened again. John and I had traded places. 

I was now at an event similar to Wasteland Weekend called Detonation.  

Well good. Maybe John would enter the Cannibal Run and die. Wait I don't know which one of us dies in that case so maybe not.

The Gathering and Wasteland Weekend happened at the same place in the California desert. The Cannibal Run and Detonation happened at the same place in the Arizona desert. When we both attended these similar events in similar places we ended up hopping between timelines.

We figured out that it wasn't the events or any particular places that were magic. The magic happened any time we occupied the same space. Also strictly speaking we don't believe in magic so really we prefer to think of it as some kind of science thing.

Anyway now we'd made some sense of it. And being a pair of clever cunts we immediately started using this newfound superpower to our advantage.

This time we spent more time in each others' worlds. I could tell John felt bad about what he did to me and Skelli because when I returned from partying at Detonation I discovered that John had spent his time writing programs for my computer.

John wasn't thinking up these programs himself. He was reimplementing ideas that had been successful in his timeline. On day one of the internet we were gonna be bigger than Microsoft and Apple and Facebook combined. Those are some really successful computer companies for those those of you who don't know. 

There would be some competition. The whole network would be free and you could build whatever you wanted on it. But only we had a foolproof way of picking winners. Everyone else would have to use trial and error. We'd be Google and you'd be Ask Jeeves. Yeah you guessed it. The first was successful and the second wasn't.

John built a social network called You Are Awaited that would let you stay in touch with old friends and make new friends too. But the social network was nothing compared to the other thing he did.

He implemented a cryptocurrency and a mining program. It let the computer print its own money. The computer created money out of nothing but electricity and maths. Everyone who bought one of my computers would have an instant revenue stream. The thing would pay for itself.

I decided to call our currency Firebucks. Firebucks are all just numbers stored on computers. But all the computers in the world have to agree on those numbers. So no one can fuck the system up. John knew people would still want to be able to carry coins around so he set it up so you could engrave some codes onto special coins and you could use those as money too. That way you wouldn't have to always use a computer every time to you wanted to give someone money.

The best part was that my own personal machine had a massive head start on generating Firebucks. I was gonna have all the money in the world and you'd be super excited about pedaling your bike for an hour to power your generator long enough for your computer to make you 20 cents. Hell 20 cents is better than no fucking cents so fuck you. Yes I am making the world a better place no matter what you say.

This would only work if I could get everyone to accept this new money. The only way I'd get everyone to accept it would be if everyone had some of it to spend. The only way everyone would have some of it to spend would be if everyone had one of my computers. 

I needed to make a lot more of them. That would require materials and tools and fuel. And lots of money. 

And yeah I knew of a way to make some quick shrapnel. All I had to do was make sure I didn't come in last.



It was race day! Your hero is in jeopardy! Are you excited race fans? Are you excited to find out who wins and who dies? Good cuz I'm gonna tell you.

I entered the Cannibal Run. It did seem a little crazy but I'm a smart guy and a hell of a driver. And there was a lot of money up for grabs.

One other person entered the Cannibal Run. One other person. So it was me or him. One of us would be rich and the other would be dead.

I was up against a tall musclebound badass in a blown Mustang. He'd won every race he'd ever entered. He was gorgeous and cocky. Everyone cheered when they introduced him. This motherfucker whipped out two six guns and emptied them into the air. He dumped out two piles of coins onto the ground under his wheels then did a burnout that tossed the money into the crowd. Then they introduced me and no one cheered. Some people laughed. I was the underdog. The race began. He let me get ahead. He toyed with me. We had some kind of tortoise and hare dynamic. His cockiness got the better of him. I used my superior intellect to take advantage of his one weakness. Then I won and I got the money I needed to make my computers. We ate him for dinner and that motherfucker got what he deserved.

Is that the story you wanted to hear?

I could have told you that's what happened. Or I could have left you wondering. But I'll tell you what really happened.

The other bloke who entered the race couldn't have been older than 20. He was dressed in rags and his car was a piece of shit. I beat him easily. A woman with a baby ran out to try to stop them from killing him and eating him. Do you still want me to describe his death in vivid detail?

I didn't eat any of the guy. I got my money and left. 

Later I realized I should name my computer after him. But I couldn't remember his name.

When I'm gone I hereby give all of you permission to forget me as quickly as you can too. Attachment leads to suffering someone once said.