[Firebird]

Some of you ain't lived through anarchy so let me tell you about it. Throughout most of human existence there was no government so anarchy is our natural state. Anarchy is not the absence of order. It's the absence of government. With anarchy you have some disorder but you also have something called spontaneous order. 

Yeah there is some fighting but governments fighting is what got us here so having a government ain't much better than not having one. People don't fight if they can avoid it. Von Mises said if the tailor kills the baker now the tailor's gotta learn how to make bread. No matter how good you are at fighting there's always someone better. No matter how big you are there's someone bigger. You could bring the best weapon in the world and the other guy will bring two of em. And no matter how good you are all someone has to do is sneak up on you or lay in wait for you and you're dead meat. Conflict resolution keeps you alive and not kicking.

Anarchy and government are not as different as you think. Government is just whatever gang has the biggest pile of guns. When people take the big pile of guns away from one gang and give it to another gang they call it an election. When the gang grabs your shrapnel they call it taxes. A border is just a line in the sand you're capable of defending. Laws? Good people don't need em. Bad people don't follow em. Ammon Hennacy said that. Or maybe it was Playdoh. They're both dead so who gives a fuck. Firebird said it.

You probably think we eat food out of fifty year old cans and bugs off the ground. Sometimes. But ask yourself where does your water come from? Where does your electric come from? Where does your petrol come from? You don't know. It don't come from socialism. It don't come from capitalism. That shit comes from anarchy. Someone wants your shrapnel so they make shit you need and they deliver it to you. We still got that here. That ain't never going away. We got food and petrol and electricity and all that shit. You don't know how to make it cuz you don't need to know. Everything is just expensive as fuck. What you call the black market we call the market. There's even some computers and TVs and radios but they ain't as good as yours. We don't have phone lines or power lines cuz them wires don't stay up long. We got guns but not much ammo. Motherfuckers carry around broken guns or fake guns. They mount them on their cars.

We don't go to school but if you think that means we don't learn then let me learn you something. We learn what we need to learn and we learn what we want to learn. I started learning the moment I stopped going to school. 

And no we don't barter all the time. Sometimes. Money still works. People use money cuz it's convenient. Not cuz a government says it's worth anything. But with no more currency being produced we got deflation instead of inflation. Bills crumpled to dust and coins went up in value. It takes all day to earn a 20 cent piece but a 20 cent piece buys you a hot meal. People sometimes trade foreign coins and coins out of their antique coin collections and ball bearings and bottlecaps. Anything small and valuable. But value is subjective. Just cuz you think something is valuable don't mean someone else will. So shit like bottlecaps don't always work. Money stored on plastic cards is all gone but I bet somecunt out there is working on reinventing that shit right now. And if they don't maybe I will.

Another question you might have is why don't everyone just grab stuff from each other. You can do that but it's rude and it's dangerous. Some people carry their life savings on them but you are not getting it off of them. Some people hide their shrapnel. Some people put it into banks but that's risky cuz days are back where robbing banks might be a good way to make a living. People grab cars all the time. You own whatever you can defend. Anything undefended gets grabbed or repurposed. Assholes grab shit. Clever cunts like me don't need to grab shit. We think of ways to give you what you need for a price. I might be an asshole too sometimes but I am making the world spin.

Here is the one rule you need to live by no matter what planet you live on or what government you live with. No matter if you're trying to make money or make friends. This rule is better than the golden rule. Better than the platinum rule. It's the goddamn best rule.

You must create value for everyone around you all the time. To keep yourself from being killed. To make money. To make friends. To fall in love. Create value for those who can't afford to pay you. That's kindness. Create value for those who repay you with companionship. That's friendship. Create value for those who pay you with money. That's work. Like I said before value is subjective so it can be a challenge to figure out what people need from you. Most people don't know what they need so they won't be able to tell you. What people think they need is faster horses. In that case you just walk on by. At least until tomorrow when you see them again and you realize what they need is a new Ford. Then you stop them and introduce yourself and you explain how you are about to make their day better. Don't give that shit away though. Don't let them grab it from you. Always make damn sure you're getting what you need in return.



Even though we have some TVs and radios there ain't much on. There's a radio station and a newspaper here but everything they say is a joke. Mostly we have rumors. I got it in my head that the USA was a green place where everything was better. I had a badass car and a pile of shrapnel but what I did not have was a home. So I'd saved up enough to get back to the USA. You might be wondering how do we cross oceans. Boats motherfucker. It's dangerous and expensive and it takes forever but we do it. Maybe somecunt will do it in a plane again someday but I don't give a shit. I hate planes.

I had my life's savings in a big fucking heavy box in the passenger seat cuz I was headed to this place called Exotic Travels where you can buy a ticket to the USA. It was six hours west of Sydney and it's scary driving around with all that shrapnel but it's usually ok as long as nobody knows what you got. Problem is people know that if you're gonna buy a ticket across an ocean you must have something of value on you to buy it with. So there's a "police" roadblock out near Exotic Travels. They ain't real police. But your police ain't real neither. Your police are assholes with guns and so are mine.

Anyway you can pull up and pay their toll but that toll is so much that if I paid it I wouldn't be able to afford my ticket.

You're probably hoping that this is where the action begins. But action ain't my goal. Shouldn't be your goal neither. If I'd been a rock-n-roller who craved action my story would have been over a long time ago. I just wanted to be left alone with a shred of dignity. And to make it back to the USA. And to fix up my car and have a girlfriend or two. Ok maybe I did want a few things and maybe it was gonna take some action to get them but I sure as hell was not looking forward to it.

I paid some motherfucker to go through the roadblock ahead of me to distract the assholes while I drove around. They caught him and sliced him up. Good thing I only paid half in advance.

I made it to Exotic Travels. This place had a wall around it with snipers and shit. These cunts had money. If you have something of value you have to hide it or defend it. Especially if you settle down in one place. They made me show them my box of shrapnel and they let me in.

I dragged my big heavy box into the building. The ticket counter kinda reminded me of a shitty airport. I hate airports.

There was a big sign that said NO REFUNDS. I dumped my life savings onto the counter. I made it clear to the cunt in charge that this ticket was for me and my car. I wasn't gonna leave my Firebird. The cunt gave me my ticket. He said no refunds. Yeah I got that. And he said the boat leaves with or without me. Fine.

He pointed out the window at a weird kid who was getting into an old Beetle. He told me that kid was a messenger who'd come find me in a few weeks and he'd let me know when and where the boat would be waiting. It all sounds sketchy as hell and I normally wouldn't have trusted it but I was there cuz these cunts had a sparkling reputation.

On the way out I asked somecunt if he knew a way through the roadblock. "Pay the toll" he said. Thanks a lot asshole. I explained to this other asshole that I didn't have any money. All he said was "You're gonna die."

Messenger Kid was leaving in that Beetle and I figured he must know some trick to get through the roadblock so I followed him.

Before he got to the roadblock he came up on a mystery girl on the side of the road hitchhiking. He stopped so I did too. I kept my distance. He let Mystery Girl in. Rather than sitting up in the seat she curled up and hid. He took off and continued in the direction the roadblock.

Roadblock was two blokes and two cars. There was an old geezer with a mohawk sitting in a buggy and a fake cop wearing a badass cowboy hat standing beside a fake cop car. They looked sweaty and bored from having to stand around being assholes all day long. Fake Cop was trying to look like a real cop. Old Geezer was reading a book. How the fuck should I know what book he was reading? I can only assume it was How to Win Friends and Influence People.

When Messenger Kid got there they just waved him by. Some trick. Exotic Travels and the roadblockers were in cahoots. Or the roadblockers just knew better than to mess with the cunts who were bringing in the money.

Exotic Travels wasn't gonna let me back in and I was almost out of petrol so I said fuck it. I take pride in using my brain to solve shit like this but I didn't have time to come up with some big plan. All I could think of was to go around them and power through it. So it's time for some action. I hope you motherfuckers enjoy it. You think I survived to tell this fucking story but for all you know I'm paralyzed from the neck down or maybe I'm some kind of ghost. Let's find out.

You can drive around their roadblock and yeah I was gonna have to do that. But it slows you down and it's really risky. If you get a flat tire you are gonna have to stop and get out of your car and then it all goes to shit. I drove at them really fucking fast and veered around them into the dirt. The shocks were topping out and everything was shaking like crazy but the Firebird held together. 

Old Geezer couldn't get his shitty buggy started. But as I went by he got a real good look at me and I got a real good look at him.

"That's my car you Little Shit!" he shouted.

Yeah it was Mohawk Asshole. The terrorist who killed my family. I reminded him at the top of my lungs "Attachment leads to suffering!"

Decades later he's still hung up on that car. I'd had that car longer than he ever did so the universe clearly wanted me to have it.

I got back on the road and kicked it in the guts. Fake Cop didn't have any trouble starting up his fake police car but he was slow getting that thing turned around so that bought me a few seconds. He turned on his fake sirens and tried to catch up. I put a little distance between us but I had to blow right by the servo I'd planned to stop at for fuel. 

Then because life can never be simple I started catching up to Messenger Kid and Mystery Girl in that Volkswagen.

I was just gonna pass them but Mystery Girl was freaking out thinking I was there to fuck with her. She leaned out the window and pointed a big fucking gun at me so I hit the brakes. She yelled out the window. "Lick my prickly flaps!"

I tried to get around them on the driver's side so she couldn't shoot me. Messenger Kid cut me off but then he lost control and went off the road and got himself stuck. 

I laughed as I blew by them but then I ran out of petrol. I tried to start the car again but it wasn't happening. I coasted to a stop and got out.

Messenger Kid hopped out of the Bug. He had a Bugs Bunny doll in his hand. He pulled a string on the doll and it said "Now take it easy!" Then he and Bugs bugged out back in the direction of Exotic Travels.

Mystery Girl got out and started strutting up the road toward me. I couldn't help but notice she was really good looking especially walking that walk and carrying that big gun. 

Or was it a gun? No it was not. "That's not even a gun" I said.

She hit me in the face with the not gun and said "Nah it's a steel pipe."

I fell over and she jumped on me and started punching me. I'd never been punched by such a pretty girl before. She was really dirty but she smelled great. 

I tried to tell her there was an asshole chasing me and we needed to stop fighting and start hiding but it was hard to talk when she was punching me so much. Between punches she said "Your nads are gonna be my coin purse!"

Then we heard the fake sirens. The fake cop car came over the horizon. She ran and hid and left me there on the ground with blood shooting out of my eyeballs.

I heard the cop car come to a stop right by my feet. The engine shut off. The door opened. Footsteps. Fuck.

I felt his boot press against my throat.

Then I heard a ringing sound. The boot left my throat.

It was Mystery Girl's pipe hitting Fake Cop's dumb old head! She yelled "Kiss my dirt button!"

Then I heard a thud. Then a crunching sound. That was the cop's skull.

She's pretty great when she's not punching you. She gave me an Australian flag bandana to wipe the blood off my face. She introduced herself. "Mad Skelli."

"Firebird."

"Sorry I thought you were a friend of my ex."

"Who's your ex?"

She pointed at the dead guy. "He is."

"When did you break up?"

"Just now."

"Attachment leads to suffering. Where you headed to?"

"Not headed to" she said. "Headed away."

So naturally I invited her to my place in Sydney. She accepted.

I picked up Fake Cop's badass cowboy hat and put it on. "Nice hat asshole" I said to his stupid fucking carcass.

We siphoned some petrol into the Firebird and got the hell out of there before Mohawk Asshole showed up.



We spent the next few weeks together in Sydney or what was left of it. 

I showed her a home computer I'd been working on. It was small enough that it could share my garage with the Firebird. I was gonna make it even smaller. Once it was small enough to carry around I was gonna sell them. I was gonna call it the Firebuddy.

She asked a lot of questions. I showed her how to write programs for it. Once she started she couldn't stop. She stayed up late every night and a week later she'd rewritten the operating system. Damn she was sexy.

I asked if we were dating. 

She said "I dunno. You're the first to survive the audition."

It was pretty great but I'd spent my life's savings on that ticket to the USA and Messenger Kid was bound to show up any day to tell me when I'd have to say goodbye. 



One day I was out fucking around on my skateboard. Because there's not much smooth concrete or asphalt around I'd converted my old skateboard into a dirtboard with tires instead of urethane wheels. It's hard as hell to push around on but it's fun to ride down hills. I was rolling around on it when I noticed Messenger Kid watching timidly from behind a wall.

I said "Hey Messenger Kid. Got a message for me?"

He came out. He had that bunny on him as always. He pulled its string. "What's up doc?" I couldn't tell if what it said was random or he'd figured out a way to make it say what he wanted it to say.

He handed me a note with the time and place on it. 9am at a dock by the Opera Ruins. Pack tonight. Head out early. No problem.

I said to him "Want to give it a try?" I pointed at the skateboard.

He got on the board. He didn't know how to ride it and he was afraid to go downhill. So I got the idea to tie a rope around the front truck and pull him along. He managed to fall off anyway. He got back and on fell off probably ten more times.

Then he grabbed the rope and pointed at the board. I got on and let him pull me around.

We came upon a scary fucking pickup truck idling beside a little store and he got an idea. He started pointing at the trailer hitch.

I figured out what he was trying to tell me and I went up and ran the rope through the hitch and all the way back to the board. Then I wrapped it behind the front truck and held the end of the rope in my hand. That way I'd have something to hold on to when we took off. But there was no knot involved so if I let the rope go the board would just release itself from the hitch.

We sat on the curb behind the truck and acted innocent.

The motherfucker who owned the scary truck bolted out of that place and the store owner was yelling at him like maybe he'd just grabbed something.

He climbed into his truck. I stood up on the board and pulled the rope taut. Then he spun out and took off with me in tow.

For the first few seconds this idea of ours went great. Messenger Kid jumped up and down and lifted his fists in the air. 

I must have been going 50 kays when I hit a bump and I was like that Charger in the Dukes of Hazzard. 

Yeah I know all my pop culture references are from the 70s. Fuck you. It's cuz my world blew up. The 70s sucked but the TV shows and movies were great.

Milton Friedman was on Donahue TWICE. That means after they did a daytime talk show where a Nobel prize winning economist blabbed on for an hour the producers got together and said hey that was fun and profitable and we should do it AGAIN. Mom made us sit down and watch it both times.

The last movie I saw was The Cannonball Run. Did you know most of the shit in that movie really happened? Nobody in that movie gave a fuck. Nowadays nobody gives a fuck about anything because there's nothing to give a fuck about. But back in those days everyone was supposed to give a fuck and the coolest thing you could do was not give a fuck.

Anyway me and my skateboard flew into the air like that Charger in the Dukes of Hazzard. Only the board went one way and I went the other. I hit the ground and tumbled like I always do but at that speed you're gonna take some damage. I had on a t-shirt and jeans and by the time I stopped rolling there wasn't much left of that shirt.

We limped back to my place and Messenger Kid stitched me up. I noticed he was wearing a nice leather jacket and I figured I could use something like that. I asked if he got it around here. He nodded and pulled on my arm so I followed him.

We walked a few kays and ended up at an abandoned police station from back in the days when police where "real." We crawled through a broken window. I was hoping for guns or handcuffs but the only thing left that was worth a damn in that place was those leather jackets. But oh those leather jackets. You have to understand that in my world you rarely come upon the perfect anything. Mostly you have to make do with whatever you can find. But this jacket fit me perfectly and made me look like the love child of Steve McQueen and Peter Fonda.

I asked him "How do I look?" 

Messenger Kid pulled the string. "I like you."

"I like you too Messenger Kid."

It was getting dark when we got back. Skelli had made dinner. 

Messenger Kid pulled the string on his bunny. "Eh what's cookin doc?"

Skelli yelled "Messenger Kid!" and gave him a huge kiss. "Thanks for smuggling my tits past those gutdroppers" she said. 

"It's my last night in Straya" I said. "We should go out."

Messenger Kid started walking away. I grabbed him and said "I meant all of us fuckface. I know some cunts who make ice cream."

The three of us went to my garage. I opened the door. As you may have guessed I would not be recounting this with such a great level of detail if everything had gone as expected.

My badass Firebird was gone. 

No one knew where I lived. No one knew there was a car in that garage.

"Fuck!" I looked over at Messenger Kid. "Did someone follow you?"

He shrugged.

There was no way anyone could have gotten that car started in less than an hour. I'd put in seven separate kill switches. I looked around. I looked down. Tire tracks. Big deep tire tracks. Their tires and the Firebird's. "Someone towed it."

Skelli sighed. "Mohawk Asshole has a tow truck."

"How well do you know that fucker?" I asked.

"I know where he lives."

"I know where he lives too. Or at least where he likes to hang out and harass innocent travelers. Six hours away... at speed."

"And you have to be back here...." 

I checked my dad's dive watch. It was 9pm. "In 12 hours."

I looked at Messenger Kid. "We're taking your car. I'm driving. I owe you both an ice cream."

We all squeezed into Messenger Kid's Bug and headed west. I put my foot to the floor and we proceeded at... checked the speedo... fuck... 100 kays. It was dark but I kept the lights off in case we caught up to that fucker. I drove by the light of the moon and by feel.

Six hours later we did catch up to him. And there was my precious Firebird facing backward and chained helplessly to his truck. His truck was a loud and slow Loadmaster from the 40s. His lights were on but they were dim as fuck. He hadn't spotted us even though we were right up on him. It was too dark and that V8 was too noisy. His rearview was blocked by the Bird.

"Skelli you drive. I'll climb into the Firebird. Messenger Kid you hop on the truck and let down the chain real slow."

They both turned to me and shook their heads.

"I'll owe you both TWO ice creams."

They looked at each other and paused. They shrugged and nodded. 

So here's some more of that damn action you crave. I'm glad you find it so entertaining when my life is in danger. This book had better make me big money. Maybe a movie deal when somecunt gets movies working again.

I climbed out the window of the Bug. I slipped and almost went under the wheels. Suddenly this did not seem like such a good plan. But I made it in through the window of the Firebird. I put on my seat belt. I put my keys in the ignition and unlocked the wheel and put it in neutral. I was now in my car pointed downward at a 45 degree angle with the rear wheels off the ground rolling backward at something like 80 kays.

Messenger Kid climbed out of the Bug and onto the truck. That kid ain't as timid as he seems. He just knows when to run and when to hide and when to jump on the back of a fucking truck.

Messenger Kid slowly turned the crank. The Firebird's back wheels inched closer to the roadway.

At this point it's worth reminding you fucks that it was three in the morning.

Mohawk Asshole was falling asleep at the wheel. I know this because we started casually drifting off the road and heading for a big fucking tree. I did not like this situation. Messenger Kid started cranking furiously and a moment later all four of the Firebird's wheels were on the ground. 

The Firebird was now a four-wheeled trailer and a four-wheeled trailer does not track. Yes I expected that this would happen but I figured that future me would figure it out. But what had once been future me was now present me and present me had no better ideas than past me did.

Everything I tried just made it worse. Tires were screeching and vehicles were fishtailing and we were still chained together. I pressed as hard as I could on the brake pedal. Messenger Kid jumped off the truck and rolled. Mohawk Asshole's truck bumped into the tree and crunched its radiator. The chain had just enough slack in it that the Firebird's ass came to a stop a couple centimeters from the back of the tow truck.

Mohawk Asshole was now awake. He got out of the truck. His face was bloody and the steering wheel had come off and was stuck around his neck. It was  scary and gross.

Skelli pulled up in the Bug. She jumped out and Messenger Kid took her place. 

Messenger Kid pulled the string on the bunny. I was expecting "Now take it easy" but what I got was "Hey take me with ya."

The Bug sputtered away.

I started up my badass Firebird and tried to get loose. Its tires were spinning. Smoke was everywhere.

Skelli ran to the back of the Firebird. I put it in reverse and relieved the tension in the chain. She got it unhooked. "Attachment leads to suffering eh?"

Those damn clever comments will be her downfall. She should not have been talking. She should have been running. She jumped into the window of the Firebird as Mohawk Asshole grabbed her leg. We dragged him a bit before he dropped off and all he got was her boot. As we drove off he yelled something about killing me and everyone I love.

"Eastbound and down" I said. 

"What's that?" she asked.

"You've never seen Smokey and the Bandit?"

"I've never seen any movie" she said. Turned out she was a Postwar.

We flew back toward Sydney at 200 kays as the sun rose. I looked down at my dad's watch but discovered it had been smashed during last night's action. I took it off and tossed it out the window.

"What was the Big Bang like?" she asked.

"Best thing that's ever happened to me."

"Did you lose anyone?"

"I lost everyone."

She paused for a moment. I don't know if she was waiting to see if I had more to say or if she was debating whether to bring up what she said next.

"My identical twin died when I was four. I didn't understand that she was gone. I kept asking my parents where she was."

I know some of you are choosing to consider this a work of fiction but I assure you that right there is the realest shit you've ever read.



When we got to the dock the boat was there but it was already moving. No refunds. The boat leaves with or without me. 

The boat was leaving without me.

I kept on it. There was less than a meter between the dock and the boat but the gap was growing. Now maybe more than a meter? Fuck it you weren't there and I was. It was five meters.

But I'd seen the Dukes of Hazzard. I'd seen Smokey and the Bandit. I kicked it in the guts.

We flew over the gap. We almost killed a few of the passengers but they all managed get the fuck out of our way. I hit the brakes and screeched to a stop. Maintain your brakes and you'll live long enough to appreciate your engine.

We stepped out of my badass car. Skelli smoking hot as always and me in my badass cowboy hat and McQueen Fonda Sex Jacket.

A little tyke said "That was awesome." I tossed the kid a nickel.

"Ain't no movie stars any more. We're all that they've got"  I said.

"We're giving them back their heroes" Skelli said. She jumped off the boat and swam back to the dock. She climbed out of the water and yelled "I love you."

"Attachment leads to suffering" I yelled back.

"Hope you get scurvy" she shouted.
