[John]

Mohawk A-hole had me in a chokehold. I couldn't breathe. I couldn't move.

I lurched up out of bed with my heart pounding. I thought I was having a heart attack. I couldn't tell which timeline I was in. I was sure Mohawk A-hole was in the room somewhere.

I grabbed my phone. The presence of the phone should have reassured me I was home in Tomorrowmorrowland, but my sleep-addled brain didn't believe it. I took the phone outside, started to dial 911, and held my thumb over the send button.

I sat out there for an hour before I finally felt normal again.

I'd had some fun trading places with Firebird, but I'd had some terrifying moments as well. I didn't want to spend a lot of time in Epoxyclypse. I both loved it and hated it.

I wasn't just having nightmares. I was having panic attacks. The ability to hop between worlds was a source of great anxiety. To ensure we traded places, we had to agree to meet at very specific places and times. If we were off a bit in space or time we wouldn't swap. Other times we'd inadvertently cross paths and find ourselves thrown into unfamiliar situations. I don't even want to imagine what would happen if he decided to leave me stranded in his timeline.

Visiting Epoxyclypse had been an adventure. But adventures involve facing things you're not prepared for and taking risks. Adventure is overrated. I preferred to adequately prepare for things and reduce the risks as much as possible.

It takes a certain kind of magical, irrational person to risk everything. I'm not that kind of person.

Imagine risking everything to start a business, like Firebird did. Most businesses fail. Yet serial entrepreneurs exist. They fail, and fail again. Some eventually succeed. Others must spend their entire lives failing. Those people make the world turn.

But that was never what I wanted. I wanted to show up at my job every day, get paid, go home, and take lots of vacations. I was on my way to a comfortable retirement and I didn't want to do anything to mess that up.

In Epoxyclypse the risk of being attacked or killed was much greater. But the risk of our business ventures failing was much lower. I knew exactly what to build. It would just take time. 

I could have stopped visiting Epoxyclypse. But the idea of having a chance to rebuild the world was intoxicating. And I liked the idea of traveling to an alternate reality where I could end up being the richest person on earth. 

It seemed quite possible that Firebird and I were the only people in history that this had ever happened to. How could we let that go to waste?



The Mad Max 40th anniversary celebration in Australia was coming up. I'd never been on an international journey before. This would be my great pilgrimage. My trip to where it all began, and where it all ended.

Several people who were planning to attend started an online discussion about the possibility of making a short film while we were out there. We'd be visiting Mad Max filming locations in Melbourne, Clunes, Silverton, and Broken Hill. We'd have our outfits and tribute cars. All we needed was a script and a director.

My hands were shaking with excitement as I typed. "I'll write and direct."

Firebird had a pile of stories of all the crazy stuff that had happened to him in Epoxyclypse. I could take the story about running the roadblock and meeting Mad Skelli, and turn it into a script. I'd been involved with writing and cameras all my life, but this would be my first scripted narrative. 

My excitement turned to fear when I realized who I had to cast. 

I would love to have cast Mad Skelli's counterpart in Tomorrowmorrowland. Believe me, I had tried to find her. But Firebird and I had never asked her real name. It's probably for the best. It would have been a tough pickup line. "Have we met before, in another timeline?" Or, "Would you sleep with me, if it were the end of the world? I think you already did!"

No, not Skelli. 

Mohawk A-hole. Steve Scholz.

I searched for him online. There he was, a tattoo artist living in South Australia.

It wouldn't be too long of a trek for him to come out to Broken Hill. And everyone wants to be a movie star. He probably grew up watching the Mad Max films, as I had. I could only imagine what it must have been like to have grown up with them as an Australian kid.

It was quite possible that he really was an a-hole. But he wasn't in prison, he hadn't killed my parents, and he hadn't blown up any airports. In Tomorrowmorrowland, he seemed like a regular, cool guy.

I went back and forth over it in my head. I was scared, but I didn't want to pass up this bizarre opportunity to see firsthand what a difference this timeline had made on him. It would be a perfect test of nature vs. nurture. I wanted to meet him. But I also knew for a fact that some part of him was quite capable of killing me and my family in cold blood.

Oh, wait. I was going to meet him either way. It said so right there on his profile.

He was already planning to attend the 40th anniversary.



I got my visa online. As long as I had my Arizona driver's license on me, I'd be able to drive in Australia. On the left side of the road. It seemed a little crazy that they would trust me to do that. I looked forward to the challenge. I reserved flights, hotels, and a rental car.

I spent a couple days in Hawaii. I rented a Miata on a peer-to-peer car sharing service and circled the island of Oahu. Then I headed to Melbourne. 

I hated flying but I found a way to tolerate it. I pretended that I lived on that airplane. There was no known time frame within which I would deboard. Eventually, I was surprised to feel the plane landing. It was an awful day, but I'd sacrificed that day in order to have some of the greatest days of my life.

At the airport, I picked up my car and a couple of the friends I'd met online who'd be helping me make my movie. Driving on the left side wasn't too hard, but the first clockwise roundabout I encountered caused my brain to malfunction. I had to pull over and ask my new friends what to do. And I kept turning on the wipers when I wanted to activate the turn signals.

We visited the Mad Max filming locations at the Melbourne University car park and the pumping station. Then, we went to Clunes, where we visited the train station and Fraser Street. 

As the official celebration began, replicas of Mad Max motorcycles and cars started filling the streets of Clunes. I'd never even seen a Ford Falcon XB in person until then.

Then I saw Steve. He wasn't just in attendance. He was a part of the action. He was riding on the back of a tow truck, looking and acting like Wez from Road Warrior.

Including the red mohawk.

I was afraid that when he saw me there would be some sort of interdimensional flash of recognition and he'd fly into a murderous rage. But he was already putting on a persona of murderous rage, so really, everything from then on would have to be an improvement.

As the truck passed by he did look at me. He snarled and looked away. He did not recognize me. He did not murder me.

The next stop on our journey would be Broken Hill and Silverton, where we'd be making our movie.

At Silverton, I introduced myself to the owners of the replica cars and the actors. Everyone's outfits looked great. They'd even done up the hostel we were staying in to look like Exotic Travels.

Steve had brought his tattooing equipment with him. I decided to let him give me my first tattoo, a Firebird symbol. It would be the perfect icebreaker. 

It was not like me to be so spontaneous about such a permanent commitment, but since Wasteland I'd been starting to accept the fact that taking risks, breaking rules, and getting out of my comfort zone could lead to great rewards.

As Steve worked on my tattoo, we got to know each other. I told him about Wasteland Weekend and how it was changing me and inspiring me to try new things. He was interested and said he'd make an effort to attend someday. 

It was clear he wasn't a violent person but he'd had a rough life. Steve and Firebird had a weird thing in common. His parents had been killed when he was a child, too. Steve was pretty much a socialist, which I sympathized with to a limited extent. I did not believe in seizing the means of production. Like Firebird, I believed in the power of the market, at least when it came to providing luxuries. When it came to necessities like health care, I understood Steve's reasoning.

When he was done, I asked him to be in my film. He was more than willing. He was downright eager. 



The February heat was almost unbearable, but we somehow managed to get each scene of the film with several takes from several cameras. 

I didn't have any shots in mind ahead of time. We just acted out the events of the story and I let the camera operators be the cinematographers as well. I operated one of the cameras in all of the scenes I was not performing in. We did our best to stay out of each others' shots. The level of improvisation, distributed talent and intelligence, and spontaneous synergy was amazing.

I couldn't believe people were following my instructions and letting me drive their cars. I didn't understand why everyone was being so kind, especially considering no one was getting paid for any of this. Everyone remembered their lines except for me. Yes, I forgot the lines I'd spent weeks perfecting. And I was by far the worst actor in my movie. I felt like a fool. It was not clear what I was bringing to this event.

All my paper copies of the script ended up in the trash except for one. When shooting was complete, Steve brought his copy to me and asked me to sign it.

It was at that moment I realized what it was that I had brought to this movie. I was the weird, creative guy with the story and the vision.

I was the director.

That night, when the sun went down at Mundi Mundi Lookout, I saw more stars than I'd ever seen before. There wasn't a single airplane in the sky. Orion was upside down. Or maybe I was.



When I returned home, I spend the next few weeks editing. I decided I'd release the film at the Wasteland Film Festival, which was held on-site during Wasteland Weekend.

Writing and directing had been so much fun, though, that I didn't want it to end. I went for a jog to clear my head.

As I jogged, my destiny became clear. I'd begin a crowdfunding campaign to make a movie about Firebird's life. I'd promote it as an old-school film with no CGI, real stunts, and real storytelling. But I needed a gimmick in order to go viral and hit our funding goals.

Like Firebird, I'd put my car on the line. But I'd up the ante. 