[John]

I'm pretty sure I didn't write the preceding chapters.

My name is John. I'm a software engineer. I was born in New Jersey. 

My mom was an economist. She was known as the "Chicago Girl" because she'd studied at the University of Chicago. She spent some time in Chile helping them get their economy off the ground. Dad was a doctor but now he's retired. Nowadays he's a maker. I'd be more specific than that but really he can make anything.

My life got weird and interesting on the day I arrived at Wasteland Weekend for the first time.

Wasteland Weekend is an annual event that looks and feels like a Mad Max movie. Everyone crafts intimidating outfits and builds frightening vehicles.

I'd figured bad DIY punk-rock sewing was something I could pull off, so I'd spent weeks customizing a leather motorcycle racing jacket that had started out looking like the one Peter Fonda wore in Easy Rider. I'd distressed the racing stripes. I'd added 70s-style auto racing patches, punk rock spikes, and hidden ventilation panels so I could keep the jacket on in ninety-degree weather. I figured no one would remember anyone's name so I included a nametag patch.

I drove my Pontiac Firebird Trans Am all the way from Phoenix, Arizona to California City, California. I figured since Mad Max was set in the 80s that any pre-1980 car would be a good pre-apocalyptic car to bring to the event. I was nervous the car wouldn't make it there but it managed.

When I arrived at the event, I found a place to park and camp. I'd be sleeping in my car. You can't drive a house, but you can live in your car. I got out and introduced myself to my neighbor, a woman named Natalie.

I headed into Wasteland City at the center of the event. Along the way I checked out the cars. There was a mixture of newer cars, older cars, and military vehicles. All were covered in dirt and many had pipes, spikes, and fake weapons welded to them.

A man and a woman were riding a slow-moving mechanical horse. The woman shouted, "Butt stuff!" and gave me the finger. I had no idea what she meant. I mean I know what she meant, but I had no idea why she was saying it. She threw a bottlecap at me. I picked it up. The cap had the words "Butt Stuff" on it. I dropped the cap in my pocket. I'd heard caps are like money here and you shouldn't leave trash on the ground.

Toecutter rode by in the back seat of an old convertible. He stared at me freakishly and whispered, "Cheer up." Lord Humungus was DJing on a stage. Aunty Entity watched over the city gates.

It was like I had stepped into an alternate timeline. I had to make a conscious effort to find details that didn't fit the illusion. That's why it took me so long to realize that something really had changed.

I spoke to someone dressed as an assassin in a smiley face mask and ghillie suit. He just grunted and walked away. I don't even know for sure if that conversation happened before the change or after.

I asked a very tall War Boy to show me how to do the "Wasteland Salute."

"Wasteland?" he asked, in an accent I didn't recognize.

As I explained earlier, this is what happened as I experienced it. If this ever gets made into a movie, there will be some really bad CGI at this point, and I apologize for that.

I looked down at my wrist. My Wasteland Weekend wristband was gone. There was more dirt on my clothing. The patches on my jacket had different brands on them and had aged. The racing stripes had changed color and switched sides. 

"Where are we?" I asked the War Boy.

"We's at The Gathering."

"What's The Gathering?"

"It's where we come to find thems we're looking for and thems we've lost."

"Lost?"

"Lost. In The Epoxyclypse."

I looked around and noticed several people looked more like beggars than Mad Max extras. One woman was covered in what looked like real blood. DJ Humungus was gone and there was no longer any music. There were no porto-potties in sight.

I muttered something about having amnesia and needing to lie down. I felt like my brain was malfunctioning. Maybe I was having a stroke or a heart attack. Maybe I'd eaten something laced with LSD.

I quickly headed back to the car. I backtracked over the same route I'd taken in, but now the cars were now older and rustier. Many were still weaponized and intimidating. The weapons were less wild, more realistic. Maybe real. Now, every car I saw was a pre-1980 model. Maybe I'd traveled back in time and space and ended up in some war-torn country. I had to sit down. Maybe call an ambulance.

I found car keys in my right pocket and a heavy bag of coins in my left. I no longer had my wallet or phone. 

I found my car. It was dented and scratched, but still my car.

I approached my neighbor's camp. My neighbor had changed too, I think.

"Natalie, right?"

She gave me a funny look. "Yeah, but... no one calls me that. Everyone calls me Lioness."

"You'll have to forgive me, but I have some questions. I might have amnesia."

"Were you hit in the head?" Lioness asked.

"Maybe."

"I hope it happened in The Cage."

"Why?" 

"First rule of The Gathering is no fighting, except for in The Cage."

"The Gathering. That's where we are?"

"Yes, my friend. You've found The Gathering." She said those words slowly.

"What's The Gathering?" I was pretty sure I knew the answer but I was building up my new worldview as best I could from the consensus of those around me.

"It's where we come to find thems we're looking for and thems we've lost."

"Is that my car?"

"Yeah. You should lie down and get some rest."

"Have you seen my wallet and phone?"

Lioness was a patient woman and head injuries were apparently pretty common here. "I have not seen a working phone in 30 years. Big Bang did them all in."

"Big Bang?"

"Yup." She gestured with her hands and simulated an explosion with a "pew" sound. "Epoxyclypse."

I tried the keys in the door of the Firebird and they worked. I got in and sat down. I was hyperventilating. This is my car. It must be. I have the keys.

But who am I?

I looked down at my nametag. It was covered in dirt and barely legible, but I could just make it out. It no longer read "John." It read "Firebird."

I pulled up my sleeve and found the freckle on my right arm that I used to stare at in elementary school when I was bored. Ok, this is my body. Sort of. Some things are different but I'm still me.

I jumped at the sound of someone trying to open the locked passenger-side door. I looked over and... oh my god.

She was just my type, but what hit me the hardest was the way she looked at me. Her pupils were wide, her eyes bright. She didn't just know me. She loved me. I had no idea who she was, but I could see that she loved me. I'm not sure anyone has ever looked at me that way before or since. After about five dumb seconds of staring, I was pretty sure that I loved her, too. I unlocked the door and a flood of joy and beauty poured into the car. Her arms were around me, her mouth was on mine. I was reunited with a lover I'd never met.

"I've missed you," she said. She had an amazing Australian accent. She started kissing me, hard.

"I've... missed you too," I said. Somehow it felt right to say that.

I'm not going to turn this into pornography but I have to mention something. I've always liked women who are smart, but also primal. I've never been a germaphobe. The fact that humans mated successfully for a hundred thousand years before shaving and perfume existed is proof that some dark part of us loves hairy, dirty, smelly sex. And I did love it. We loved it.

I have a body here, I have a history here, I have possessions here. I even have someone who loves me.

Lost as I felt, at least I had a partner. I didn't have anyone back where I came from. I had to explain to her what was happening as best I could. I didn't even know her name.

"I'm sorry but I'm out of it today."

"You sound like you're from Texas! You really are an American now, aren't you?

"How do I usually talk?"

"I don't knooow." To every word she added several mellifluous vowels they only have in Australia. "It's been ten years. Last time I saw you, you talked like me. Now you sound like Johnny Cash. I like it."

"I think I have amnesia."

She started gently feeling my head for injuries. "Noggin be all right."

"I think I'll be ok but right now I have some stupid questions."

"Like what?"

"What's my name?"

"It's written on your jacket, dumbass."

"What's your name?"

She hadn't realized how serious this was. She sighed. "I'm Mad Skelli... and I love you, Firebird."

"Mad Skelli.... I love you, too."

Her face fell. I didn't expect that. "Who the fuck are you?" she said. Then she punched me in the face. I really did not expect that. She got out of the car.

"Please wait," I said.

"Go suck a cactus," she said.



I passed out or fell asleep. I had some weird dreams. I woke up back at Wasteland Weekend. Thank god. That was a cool dream or drug trip or whatever. Glad it was over.

Or at least I thought it was over, until my brain started bouncing back and forth again, this time more quickly. Sometimes it would last a few seconds. Sometimes it would last for minutes.

At one point when things returned to "normal," a note appeared on the dashboard of my car, in handwriting similar to mine. "Um hi?"

I replied by adding to the note. "Hi." 

I don't think I can ever meet Firebird face-to-face, but we trade consciousnesses sometimes, and we've figured out ways to communicate between our two timelines. I wrote down an explanation of how to use my phone. He showed me how to use a simple computer he'd built called the Firebox. He made videos of himself in my world. He watched the videos I made for him. It was freaky hearing myself speak with an Australian accent. He explored Duck Duck Go, YouTube, Wikipedia, and Facebook. We pieced together the similarities and differences in our lives. We started composing this document.

We were hitting it off until I told him about Mad Skelli.



This document might be the world's first unauthorized autobiography. More precisely, it's an adversarially collaborative autobiography. Firebird is another version of me who exists in a timeline we call the Epoxyclypse. I live in a timeline we call Tomorrowmorrowland. You don't have to believe it. I'm not sure I believe it. We can tell you what we've experienced. You can call it autobiography, fiction, or hallucination.

Firebird and I were once the same person. 

The 70s were crazier than most people realize. In New York City between 1969 and 1970, a bomb went off every other day. One time Nixon was drunk, Brezhnev was high on sleeping pills, and they almost started a nuclear war. Almost. I now know that another version of me really did live through World War III.

It's been said if a butterfly flaps its wings in a certain way, it can cause a tornado. A butterfly flew right in my world, wrong in Firebird's world, and nothing's been the same since. 

When I was a kid, my family canceled a trip to Australia so my dad could accept a job offer in Texas. Firebird's dad turned the job down and his family took the trip. His family died and he got stuck there. I acquired a Texas accent. He acquired an Australian one. My world went on to experience the greatest successes humanity has ever seen. His world burned.
