[John]

My life was pretty boring, but I was happy.

My name is John. I grew up in New Jersey, but spent most of my life in Texas.

Mom was a prominent economist. She was known as the "Chicago Gal" because she'd studied at the University of Chicago. She spent some time in Chile helping them get their economy off the ground. Dad's a retired radiologist. Nowadays he's a maker. I'd be more specific, but really, he can make anything.

Some people are into Star Wars. Some are into Indiana Jones. Some are into Back to the Future. For me, it was always Mad Max.

Shortly after taking a job in Phoenix, Arizona, I heard about an annual event in California called Wasteland Weekend. Wasteland Weekend looks and feels like a Mad Max movie. Everyone crafts intimidating costumes and some even build frightening vehicles. Many people come up with a character to play. Most of them have detailed backstories. The goal is immersion. When you're there, you feel like you've entered a different world.

I bought a ticket. My life was about to get weird and interesting.

My favorite Mad Max character had always been Scrooloose of the Lost Tribe, AKA the Waiting Ones. He's the weird, mute, gothy kid in Thunderdome who spends most of his time alone, doing his own thing. As an introvert who had never fit in anywhere, I'd always identified with Scrooloose the most. Rather than dress up as Scrooloose, I decided to make him part of my backstory. 

I imagined that Scrooloose and I been friends but we'd been separated long ago. In the movie, Scrooloose carries around a Bugs Bunny doll. I bought an antique doll just like it. My plan was to find a stranger dressed as Scrooloose, and give the bunny to them as a gift. Maybe I'd turn an imaginary friend into a real one.

I spent weeks customizing a leather motorcycle jacket that had started out looking like the one Peter Fonda wore in Easy Rider. I'd distressed the racing stripes. I'd added 70s-style auto racing patches, punk rock spikes, and hidden ventilation grommets so I could keep the jacket on in 100-degree weather. I figured no one would remember anyone's name so I included a nametag patch. I put Bugs in the chest pocket of the jacket and zipped it up so only his head was showing. 

I drove my 1975 Pontiac Firebird Trans Am from my apartment in Phoenix, Arizona to Damnation Valley in California City, California. The Trans Am didn't have any fake guns mounted on it or anthing, but I figured since the Mad Max apocalypse had happened in the 80s, any pre-1980 car would be a cool car to bring.

When I arrived at the event, I found a place to park and camp. I'd be sleeping in my car. 

I got into character and introduced myself to my neighbors, Carolyn and Christine. I asked them if they knew Scrooloose or if they'd seen anyone matching his description. No luck.

I headed into Wasteland City at the center of the event. Along the way I checked out the cars. There was a mixture of newer cars, older cars, and military vehicles. All were covered in dirt and many had bull bars, spikes, and fake weapons welded to them.

Toecutter rode by in the back seat of an old convertible. He stared at me freakishly and whispered, "Cheer up." Aunty Entity watched over the city gates. Lord Humungus was DJing on a stage. 

I asked everyone I met if they knew Scrooloose. The answer was always no, but everyone promised to ask around and try to help connect us.

I delivered a letter for the post office. I danced. I ate chili out of a dog food can. When I returned to camp, Carolyn and Christine were sitting around the fire. We shared our stories.

Christine asked if I'd been to the memorial yet. I said no. 

She explained that it was a small structure at the top of the hill, built to pay tribute to wastelanders that were no longer with us. 

"You should go up there," she said.



The next evening I walked up to the memorial at sunset. 

I couldn't believe what I saw, and I couldn't believe the effect it had on me.

His name was painted in large letters on rusty sheet metal.

"SCROOLOOSE - Lance A. Moore II." 

My mouth fell open.

I'd spent the past week playing a character looking for his friend Scrooloose. I expected I'd either find him, or leave having not found him. The possibility that I could discover he was dead had not even entered my mind.

I desperately need the catharsis I feel when I'm crying but I have trouble letting the emotions out. My brain always focuses on what I can do, or how I can fix things, when it should be letting go and succumbing to the pain. 

Mom had died of cancer earlier that year, and I hadn't fully processed it yet. I hadn't cried since her death. 

I was no longer playing a character. Tears were streaming down my face. I was crying over the death of someone I'd never met.

And it was more than that. I was crying for my mother. I was crying over death itself. I was crying over decay, rust, fire, entropy, destruction, loss, and the fact that, one day, the sun would grow large enough to swallow the earth and all the works of Monet.

I unzipped my chest pocket. I removed the Bugs Bunny doll and placed it on the memorial. Thank you, Lance, whoever you are, wherever you are, for this experience.

I was no longer a Wasteland Weekend attendee. Now I was a wastelander.

It's not a character; it's a persona. It's not a costume; it's an outfit. It's not immersion; it's just life.



Discovering the memorial was a highly unexpected sort of closure. And the closure was also the beginning of a new journey. Who was Lance Moore? What had happened to him? I had to know.

I came down from the memorial a changed person. But it was not just me that had changed.

Several people looked more like beggars than Mad Max extras. One woman was covered in what looked like real blood. There was no amplified music. There was music, but now it was coming from people singing, banging on things, and playing acoustic instruments. 

I encountered a very tall War Boy on his way up to the memorial. I gave him the "Wasteland Salute," which is two middle fingers, crossed.

"Wasteland!" I said.

"What's Wasteland?" he asked, in an accent I didn't recognize.

"What do you call this place?" I asked the War Boy.

"The Gathering."

"What's the Gathering?"

"It's where we come to find thems we're looking for and thems we've lost."

"Lost?"

"Lost. In the Big Bang."

On the way back to my camp, I noticed the cars had somehow become older and rustier. Many were still weaponized and intimidating. The weapons were less wild, more realistic. Maybe real. Now, every car I saw was a pre-1980 model.

I looked down at my wrist. My Wasteland Weekend wristband was gone. There was more dirt on my clothing. The patches on my jacket had different logos on them and had aged. The racing stripes had changed color.

Maybe I'd traveled back in time and ended up in some war-torn country. Maybe I was having a stroke. Maybe someone had slipped me some LSD. I'd always been a teetotaler, and even if I enjoyed drugs, I'd want to know what I'd taken. So whatever drug this was, it was not a pleasant experience for me. I started to panic.

I found my car keys, or someone's car keys, in my right pocket. There was a heavy bag of coins in my left. I no longer had my wallet or my phone. 

There was a Firebird that was very similar to mine, parked in the same spot I had parked in. But this car was dented, rusted, and scratched.

Christine and Carolyn were gone. I had a new neighbor. Or at least she was new to me. I wasn't new to her. She gave me a look of pleasant recognition and waved me over.

She had an air of calm, peace, and acceptance about her. Calm, peace, and acceptance were just what I needed.

She was cooking meat for tacos. I was hungry. Maybe I was dehydrated or my blood sugar was low. Maybe it was my electrolytes. If you drink water, but don't take in enough food, you can get water intoxication.

She handed me a taco.

"Have we met?" I asked.

"Yes," she replied. "I'm Lioness."

"Lioness? Ok. Who am I?"

She gave me a funny look. "A few hours ago you were Firebird. Who are you now?"

"That's what I'm trying to figure out."

"Are you ok?"

"I'm sure I will be, once this drug wears off. Have you seen my wallet and phone?"

"I haven't seen a working phone in decades. You should probably get some rest."

She led me to the Firebird. I put the keys in the door and they worked. I got in. This is my car. It must be. I have the keys.

But who am I?

I looked down at my nametag. It was covered in dirt and barely legible, but I could just make it out. It no longer read, "John." It read, "Firebird."

I looked at my face in the rearview mirror. I pulled up my sleeve, and found the freckle on my right arm that I used to stare at in elementary school when I was bored. Ok, this is my body. Sort of. Some things are different but I'm still me.

I jumped at the sound of someone trying to open the locked passenger-side door. I looked over and... oh my god.

She was just my type. And the way she looked at me. Her pupils were wide. Her eyes were bright. She didn't just know me. She loved me. I had no idea who she was, but I could see that she loved me. I don't think anyone has ever looked at me that way, before or since. After about five dumb seconds of staring, I was pretty sure that I loved her, too. I unlocked the door, and a flood of joy and beauty poured in. Her arms were around me. She was kissing me. I was reunited with a lover I'd never met.

"I've missed you," she said. She had an amazing Australian accent.

"I've... missed you too," I said. Somehow it felt right to say that.

I'm not going to turn this into pornography but I have to mention something. I've always liked women who are smart, but also primal. I've never been a germaphobe. The fact that humans mated successfully for a hundred thousand years before soap, shaving, and deodorant is proof that some forgotten part of us loves dirty, hairy, smelly sex. And I did love it. We loved it.

I have a body here, I have a history here, I have possessions here. I even have someone who loves me. Lost as I felt, at least I had a partner.

I had to explain to her what was happening as best I could. I didn't even know her name.

"I'm sorry, but I'm out of it today."

"You sound like you're from Texas! You really are an American now, aren't you?

"How do I usually sound?"

"I don't knouow." To every word, she added several mellifluous vowels they only have in Australia. "It's been ten years. Last time I saw you, you talked like me. Now you sound like Johnny Cash. I like it."

"I think I have amnesia."

She started gently feeling my head for injuries. "Noggin be right."

"I think I'll be ok, but right now I have some stupid questions."

"Like what?"

"What's my name?"

"It's written on your jacket, dumb arse."

"What's your name?"

She hadn't realized how serious this was. She sighed. "I'm Mad Skelli... and I love you, Firebird."

"Mad Skelli.... I think I love you, too."

Her face fell. I didn't expect that. "Who the f*** are you?" she said. 

Then she punched me in the face. I really did not expect that.

She got out of the car. "Go suck a cactus," she said, slamming the door.

I passed out. Or fell asleep. At this point, I couldn't tell the difference.



When morning came, I woke up, and everything was normal again. Thank the universe. That was a cool dream, or drug trip, or whatever. I was glad it was over.

Or at least I thought it was over, until the world started bouncing back and forth again, this time more quickly. Looking out the windshield, I could watch things change before my eyes. It alternated between Wasteland Weekend and something like it, but more real. Sometimes it would last a few seconds. Sometimes it would last a few minutes.

A note appeared on the dashboard. Like, literally appeared, out of nowhere. It was written in handwriting similar to mine. It read, "Hi."

I replied by adding to the note. "Hi."

Things kept bouncing. Every time I returned to my world, the note got a little longer, and I'd add something to it as well. 

I seemed to be communicating with a counterpart who was experiencing something similar to what I was experiencing. My counterpart and I pieced together what was happening through our notes. 

It wasn't the world that was changing. My consciousness seemed to be trading places with another version of me in another timeline. 

Firebird and I had once been the same person. Our lives had diverged when we were young. 

But for some reason, now, our lives were converging again. We were both being handed an unprecedented opportunity to see the world that could have been.

I couldn't meet Firebird face-to-face, but I could become him, and he could become me.

I explained Wasteland Weekend. He explained the Gathering.

I wrote down an explanation of how to use my phone. He left instructions for how to use a chunky laptop-sized computer he'd built that was sitting in the back seat of his car. We used my phone to make videos for each other. He explored Google, YouTube, Wikipedia, eBay, and Facebook. We pieced together the similarities and differences between our lives. We started composing this manuscript, keeping copies in both timelines.

When I was a kid, my family canceled a trip to Australia so my dad could take a job in New Jersey. Firebird's dad turned that job down, and his family took the trip. When I left home, I moved to Texas. Firebird's family died, and he got stuck in Australia. I acquired a Texas accent. He acquired an Australian one.

It's been said if a butterfly flaps its wings in a certain way, it can cause a tornado. A butterfly flew right in my world, wrong in Firebird's world, and nothing's been the same since. My world went on to experience the greatest successes humanity has ever seen. His world burned.

We call Firebird's timeline Epoxyclypse. We call mine Tomorrowmorrowland. 

You don't have to believe it. I'm not sure I believe it. I can tell you what I've experienced. You can call it autobiography, fiction, or delusion.



Firebird and I were hitting it off until I got to the part about Mad Skelli.

From that point on, this document became the world's first unauthorized autobiography. Or more precisely, it became an adversarially collaborative autobiography.  

So, if you would be so kind, please permit me a moment of adversariality.

Firebird is about to go into a tirade. Before he begins, let me just say that mental illnesses are real. They are not always caused by one's problems, or one's outlook on life. Some people have to deal with mental illness for no reason at all. I'd never presume to judge, especially when it's clearly likely that I myself am suffering from something like a multiple-personality disorder. 

And, I think that having governments organize the process of paying for everyone's education and health care is a fine idea. 

All right Firebird, now it's your turn.