[Firebird]

The archetypical American road trip was always to head west. To the wide open spaces of the southwest and the freewheeling attitudes of California. I was headed east.

I hoped my reverse road trip would turn out better for me than it did for them blokes in Easy Rider. I was pretty sure it would because I knew my dad had locked a bunch of silver bars in a safe in my childhood home in New Jersey and I was the only person left on earth who knew the combo.

Route 66. Joshua trees. Grand Canyon. Saguaros. Monument Valley. Arches. Natural bridges. Wile E. Coyote and Road Runner. Meep meep motherfucker. Plymouth paid Warner Brothers big money to license that bird. Modern Lovers. Going faster miles an hour. With the radio on.

I'd never seen any of this shit except in pictures. Looked just as good after the Big Bang as it had before. Probably better. Hell is other tourists.

The cities were smashed but cunts heard me coming and emerged from the rubble to flag me down and offer me petrol at high prices which I happily paid. If they'd charged reasonable prices then everyone would have been driving across the country and there would have been no fuel.

The world will never run out of anything. I guarantee it.

If we ever start to run out of oil the cunts that sell it will raise the price until people stop paying it. No one will want that expensive shit anymore and we'll leave it in the ground. People will put electric motors in their cars and charge their cars with windmills.

High prices don't stay high for long. High prices are like a megaphone calling out to all the clever cunts in the world that this is a good business to go into. A heap of them clever cunts hear the message and decide to go into that business. Competition increases and prices come down.

Even if you force someone to sell oil at a low price we won't run out of it. You'll just force them out of business because their costs will be too high and their revenue will be too low. There would be local shortages but a shortage has nothing to do with the world running out of something. A shortage just means that thing you want is really far away and hard to get at. Pay somecunt enough and they'll get it for you.

Radio breaks the law of supply and demand. Once the signal leaves that antenna radio's free. Like knowledge. Or fire. If you share it nobody loses and everybody wins. Listening to the radio isn't like taking a slice of a pie. Everyone who listens to the radio gets their own damn radio pie. 

I don't know how it was possible but there was someone on the radio on every goddamn kilometer of Route 66. Civilization was gone but weirdos in remote outposts still spent all day and night telling stories to the void and playing records for no one. I heard ads occasionally but there was no way those ads were paying for it all. These people loved what they did. And I too loved what they did.

The radio kept me going when I had no petrol. It kept me going when I had no food. It kept me going when I had no water. If I'd had no air I would have breathed the music.

When I was a kid I recorded stuff from the radio because I couldn't afford the records. I'd be pissed when the DJ would walk all over the beginning and end of the song.

But then one time I got a record for my birthday. Heart of Glass. I was surprised to discover that I missed hearing the DJ's voice over it.

I was cannonballing through Arizona about to hit New Mexico when a DJ saved my life.

"You're listening to Uranium Springs Radio" he said. "Get your fix on Route 66. Follow us all the way home. Coast to coast proof you're never alone. Shut up and listen I've got what you're missing. I'm the Swede and I've got what you need. Here's the news. Stay away from the crossroads in Gallup. That's your wrong turn at Albuquerque right there. There's a party going on that you do not want to crash. Go dark and go quiet and go at night. Take the side streets. That has been the news. Now back to the music. This is Rush. Spirit of Radio. "

When I closed in on Gallup I stopped and waited for night to fall. I turned off the headlights and took the side streets.

It was immediately clear what intersection he was talking about. An overpass came into view. Chockablock with assholes frolicking about playing Twister and burning cars and shit. They were doing bad things to people who I hoped deserved it but who I suspected did not.

Thanks for the tip Swede.



Every creature that is capable of locomotion needs to be able to remember its way around. How to find the way back to that spot where there was water. How to avoid that spot where there was a bear. It's what we share with the cockroaches and the mice and the fish and the dinosaurs. It's why when you need to remember a list there's a trick you can use where you imagine each item sitting in a room in your childhood home. Later when you need to recall the list you just imagine walking through the house and seeing each item in each room. Driving distills the experience of navigating through space into its purest form. Driving is a primal act.

New Jersey.

It had been 30 years but I remembered the way. Maybe mom and dad and sis would be there waiting and we could start all over again.

When I arrived it was a dark night with no moon. I wasn't gonna sneak into a house at night. I camped out in a wooded area by our house where I used to try to take my bike over some dirt jumps.

The sun woke me up. I opened my eyes and crawled out of the car. 

The trees were blackened trunks without branches. Everything had burned down long ago. The entire neighborhood was gone. Trees and telephone poles and houses and mailboxes and flowerbeds and bicycles and above-ground pools. The charred remnants were overgrown with weeds.

I walked to my old house. What used to be my house.

I kicked over the blackened toothpicks that used to be my room.

I found dad's safe sitting half obscured in the brush. The door was hanging off its hinge and the silver was gone.

All that was left in the safe was a reel of home movie film. The fire hadn't gotten to it but the elements had. I held a piece up to the sky. It crumbled in my hands.
