[Firebird]

Someone said if you don't like people then you're not gonna sell any books. I guess we're gonna have to give these books away then.

Wasteland Weekend? Spoiled motherfuckers. My life is not your theme park.

You fuckers with your anxiety and your depression. The impala overcomes its chronic fatigue syndrome as the cheetah approaches. I'm a goddamn impala every goddamn day. You don't know how good you have it. Airplanes. Skyscrapers. Clean water. Enough food to make everyone fat. Cell phones. The motherfucking internet. You have everything and you think the world owes you more. 

I didn't get a free education. I don't get free health care. We have teachers and doctors but someone has to pay them to teach and doctor. Someone has to pay your teachers and doctors too. If someone else is kind enough to pay for your teachers and doctors that's very nice of them. If you force someone else to pay for your teachers and doctors that's not very nice of you. Where I come from we help poor people and sick people and old people but we do it because we want to not because anyone forces us to.



I hope John learned a lesson about consent. He's lucky Skelli didn't cark him with a steel pipe.

It had been a year since Skelli had last seen "me" but 11 years since I'd last seen her. I figured I'd never see her again. Sure I'd been with other girls but you never forget the first girl who tries to murder you. Any girl can tell you you're a sociopath but I missed hearing it from Skelli because she always said it in such a colorful way.

I hadn't traded places with John since the last Gathering. I had no idea if it would happen again this year.

One good thing that came from trading places with John was getting a chance to see them little pocket computers they have in Tomorrowmorrowland. When I was there I got heaps of ideas for ways to improve my computer which I was now calling the Firebuddy. Over the past twelve months I'd painstakingly and at great expense built ten more of them to sell at this year's Gathering.

The Firebuddy wasn't as small as the computers in Tomorrowmorrowland but you could carry it around in a backpack if you were sufficiently motivated. You could hook it up to a TV set and typewriter and a walkie talkie and then not only would you have your own computer but you'd be on a motherfucking network that didn't use any wires. Now that I'd seen them pocket computers I knew for sure I was on the right track.

At the Gathering I made a point to park in the same spot as I had the year before. I figured maybe that spot was a portal to another dimension or something.

It worked. Me and John traded places again.

We figured out that it wasn't the spot that was magic. The magic happened any time we occupied the same space. The Gathering and Wasteland Weekend both happened at the same place in the California desert and we'd both chosen the same parking spot.

Being a pair of clever cunts we immediately started using this newfound superpower to our advantage.
 
This time we spent more time in each others' worlds. I could tell John felt bad about what he did to me and Skelli because when I returned from partying at Wasteland I discovered that John had spent his time bringing out the glory of the Firebuddy.

John didn't think up the ideas himself. He just reimplemented ideas that were successful in his timeline. On day one of the internet we were gonna be bigger than Microsoft and Apple and Facebook combined. Those are some really successful computer companies for those those of you who don't know. 

There would be some competition. The whole network would be free and you could build whatever you wanted on it. But only we had a foolproof way of picking the winners. Everyone else would have to use trial and error. We'd be Google and you'd be Ask Jeeves. In case you don't know the first one was successful and the second one wasn't.

John built a "social network" called You Are Awaited that would let you stay in touch with old friends and make new friends too. But the social network was nothing compared to the other thing he did.

He designed a "cryptocurrency" and a "mining" program that would let the Firebuddy print its own money. It would create Firebucks out of nothing but electricity and maths. Everyone who bought a Firebuddy would have an instant revenue stream. It would pay for itself.

The best part was that John gave my Firebuddy a massive head start on generating Firebucks so that I'd be the richest person on the planet. I'd have literally all the money in the world and you'd be super excited about pedaling your bike for an hour to power your generator long enough for the Firebuddy to make you 20 cents. Hell 20 cents is better than no fucking cents so fuck you. Yes I am making the world a better place no matter what you say.

This would only work if I could get everyone to accept Firebucks. The only way I'd get everyone to accept Firebucks would be if everyone had some Firebucks to spend. The only way everyone would have a few Firebucks to spend would be if everyone had a Firebuddy.

So step one would be selling all ten of them Firebuddies. 

It should have been easy to sell a box that literally produces money and friends. But the thing would only really be useful if lots of other people had the boxes too. No one was buying.

I was going to have to advertise. I decided to go see the cunt that ran the Gathering's newspaper and a bunch of other papers too.

I pulled up in front of his tiny office in my rumbling V8. The cunt popped his head out to get a look at my badass car.

I introduced myself. "Firebird."

"Yes it is."

"So am I."

"Huh?"

"I am Firebird. Who are you?"

"Deadline."

"How many eyeballs does this paper reach?" I asked.

"Eight thousand" he said absently. Still gawking at my car.

"That's over four thousand people" I replied. Perfect.

I tried to pitch him the idea of doing an article on the Firebuddy but he wasn't having it. He said he'd be happy to sell me an ad. But I'd gone all in on building ten of these fancy high tech machines so I couldn't pay for an ad. I had nothing left to offer.

Except.

I was 100% sure the Firebuddy could change the world. The question was would other people realize that too? Was I willing to bet everything?

The reward was worth the risk. 

No way I was gonna sell my car. But what I would do was bet my car.

I told Deadline he could have my car if he gave me an ad in every paper from now until forever. But if he ever wanted to publish a story about the Firebuddy we'd cancel the ad deal and he'd give me the car back.

Today we were small enough to need advertising. Tomorrow we'd be big enough to be news.

We shook on it. I handed him the keys.

I wrote down the ad copy:

MAKE MONEY
FIND LOVE
TRUST THE ALGORITHM
GET YOUR FIREBUDDY TODAY

He got a kick out of it. "Say buddy I can tell you're an idea man" he said. "I'm got some ideas too. Let me show you something."

He took me into his tiny office and then into an even tinier workshop behind it. There was a big mess of wires on the bench connecting a small vertically mounted square to a red light bulb on the table. He flipped a switch and the red light came on. He grabbed a flashlight from the table and told me to close the door.

When I closed the door the red light went off. This was a windowless room so this whole situation was getting pretty weird.

Then he turned on the flashlight. The red light came on again.

I opened the door. "That's cool man" I said and walked out. I hoped I hadn't given my car to a crazy person.

That night I slept under the stars on top of a pile of Firebuddies.



I sold five.

The Gathering would be over soon. I was fucked.

Or I thought I was fucked until I figured out what to do with the other five.

I had John research the lives of our five customers' doppelgangers in his timeline to see if they had friends or spouses or whatever in Tomorrowmorrowland that they hadn't yet met in Epoxyclypse. I talked to each customer and told them that the almighty Algorithm needed to know who they were friends with so it could use that information to find them new friends. So now for each customer I had a list of friends they had and had not met! It was not easy but for each customer I found someone at the Gathering to match them to who they'd never met before but who I was sure they'd like. I gave each of those people one the remaining Firebuddies for free. 

They all got in touch with each other on You Are Awaited and they all hit it off. Then I had five pairs of happy people that were shouting from the rooftops about the miracle that was the Firebuddy. "Trust the Algorithm" they said. I think I accidentally started a cult.

At that point if I'd had a door Deadline would have knocked it down to get an interview with me. He showed up and gave me back my car. He'd even washed the thing and put some new shoes on it. That guy was a class act. 

We went back to his office for the interview. Things went off the rails when John and I accidentally switched places during the interview but that only served to generate more buzz. Everyone wanted to know more about the mad genius named Firebird and his magical Firebuddy.

People left the Gathering and fanned out in every direction telling the world about the Firebuddy. I frantically took orders and started putting together a gang of clever cunts that could build the next run of Firebuddies for me.

On my way out of the Gathering I stopped in to say goodbye to Deadline. He wasn't there. His office was trashed.

A bloke ran out to meet me. "Hey John what's going on? How'd it go?"

"Have we met? I'm Firebird. Or at least right now I am." 

"I'm the Swede. I run the radio station here."

Holy shit it was him. "You're the Swede and you've got what I need! Years ago your voice came out of the darkness of Uranium Springs and helped me find my way across this godforsaken country of ours. You saved me from some serious shit."

"Glad to hear you say it. Maybe now you can repay it. Firebird you say? Maybe you can help us find Deadline." 

He explained that he was Deadline's boss and that last night Deadline had gone missing. There had been a series of threats from someone called The Red Right Hand. Deadline was last seen at a Civil Defense outpost.

I looked around the office. There were "clues" all over. An unpublished article about the sex practices of a local tribe. Drawings and notes connected nonsensically by strings on a bulletin board. A Twinkie on a chair. 

People don't threaten to do shit. They just do it. People don't get murdered with 4000 people standing around and nobody seeing anything.

I was sure he was alive but I had no clue where to look. Ok I had clues but they were super shitty ones. None of it made any sense but I promised Swede I'd do whatever I could to find him.

I got to the Civil Defense outpost as quickly as I could. They were tearing down their tent. I asked about Deadline and they said they had seen him and he'd said he was going to do a story on the Cult of Catmeat. They said Grotch their leader lived in Joshua Tree and maybe she knew something.

I had been considering moving to Phoenix Crater since that's where John was living and he loved it there. Well John was living in Phoenix Noncrater but you know what I mean. Anyway I figured if I were in Phoenix Crater John and I could trade places any time we wanted. 

There was even another "counterpart community" out there. A place like Gathering/Wasteland that existed in a similar state in both timelines. We had Uranium Springs and they had a secret post apocalyptic costume party similar to Wasteland Weekend called Detonation near Holbrook. John and I were both nervous about the possibility of trading places and accidentally ending up in situations we weren't prepared for. When we traded places during a post apocalyptic party no one seemed to notice. So being close to Uranium Springs/Detonation would be another benefit of moving to Arizona.

So I left the Gathering and headed for Phoenix Crater. 

I figured I should stop in Joshua Tree to pay Grotch a visit. I found her and a bunch of her followers in an old Christian church which was now looking more like a Satanic one. I sat down in the back and watched their antics.

Grotch had on one of them big pope hats but it was all black like she was a punk rock popette. The altar of the Cult of Catmeat was covered with stuffed cats. I hoped they were all toys and not real cats but I didn't look too closely. Catmeat himself was there lying in a cardboard box and paying no attention to his adoring minions. The cult members were lined up to receive their communion or baptism or whatever and Grotch was spitting a spray of blood or wine or something into each of their faces.

I introduced myself to Grotch and told her I was looking for an asshole named Deadline who owed me money. I was trying to trick her into being honest with me if she'd fucked with him.

"He showed up in a nice Trans Am and interviewed several of us at the Gathering. Being a good journalist he participated in one of our ceremonies."

"He let you spit on him."

"Baptize him. Yeah. Then things got weird when an asshole with a mohawk showed up and tried to stab him. But Deadline is one of us now. We threw the asshole out."

"Did the asshole with the mohawk say anything?"

"He said he wanted his car back."
