[Firebird]

I was just a kid when my life got ugly and interesting. Well to me it's just my life but I've come to believe some of you might find it ugly and interesting.

People call me Firebird. I was born in the USA. 

In the 70s the everything sucked. There was an oil crisis and a hostage crisis and the Cold War all over the news. But things were pretty ok for us. 

Mom was a little bit famous. She was known as the "Chicago Girl." Not because she was from Chicago but because she was an economist who based some of her ideas on work by economists from the University of Chicago. Dad was a doctor. As a hobby he'd make electronic gizmos. He built our television himself.

Around this time dad got fired. Mom had some money coming in from her writing. And we had some savings. Mom had some meeting to go to so our whole family tagged along with her on a trip to Australia. Mom and Dad went scuba diving and me and my little sister sat around bored. 

There was no escaping that news. Only difference was here the news had Australian accents. Assholes starting wars. Assholes committing acts of terrorism. All over the world. The news was on at the Sydney airport when we were waiting in line to fly home. Everyone was stressed the fuck out. My sister was screaming that she was hungry. 

My dad had this cool self-winding dive watch. I asked if I could try it on and he let me. Then I got bored with that so I reached in my pocket and whipped out my favorite Hot Wheels. It was a 1977 Pontiac Firebird Trans Am just like the Bandit drove.

I got sick of listening to my sister scream so I told her to shut up. 

Mom got mad and grabbed the Hot Wheels out of my hand. She made me tell my sister I was sorry. Then she gave me some weird foreign money and told me to go buy my sister some cookies. 

"Then can I have my Hot Wheels back?" I asked.

"Attachment leads to suffering" she said. She always said profound shit like that.

I went to the newsstand and grabbed some Tim Tams. The guy pushed some buttons on his cash register.
 
We call it The Big Bang but it wasn't a big bang for everyone. It wasn't one single thing that happened. There were big bangs. There were little bangs. Hell froze over and heaven got too hot. Depends who you ask. For me it was a little bang but it was big enough.

The cash register bell rang and the drawer opened. Then there was a kaboom. I still can't hear worth a damn out of that ear.

I saw my Hot Wheels Firebird go racing across the floor faster than it had ever gone before. There was smoke everywhere. No one knew where the exit was and people's feet were going in every direction. But I locked my eyes on that Hot Wheels car and I chased it right out the exit door. I bent over and picked it up. 

An asshole with a mohawk slammed into me and we both fell to the ground. He was pissed. He had a big fucking gun which he proceeded to point at my face. But a bunch of cops ran up and jumped on him and fucked him up before he could shoot me.

There was chaos everywhere except for one thing. It was like the universe was apologizing for being an asshole to me that day because sitting right there before my eyes was a real-life Pontiac Firebird Trans Am. Its engine was running. The driver's door was open. And the radio was playing Back in Black.

I went up to the car started to get in. I took a look back at Mohawk Asshole. Cops had him. He was fucked up in handcuffs. "That's my car you Little Shit!" he shouted.

"Attachment leads to suffering" I yelled before driving away in my NEW CAR. Hell yeah the price was right. Johnny Olson. Bob Barker motherfucker. I ripped open the Tim Tams and ate them all up.

I found a whole bunch of badass terrorist guns in the trunk of my badass car. Having them guns helped a lot cuz I was just a kid and I had to raise myself in the Epoxyclypse from then on.

Since we'd pushed the reset button on the whole world some of us called it Year Zero. In Year Zero I was an American kid stuck in Australia. Things were bad for a while. People bumped off people for fun or because they wanted to eat them. I didn't bump off too many people and I didn't eat anybody but I would've if I'd had to. Grub first then ethics someone said. Mostly I read a lot of books on economics and electronics. I was gonna be one of them clever cunts who created wealth by inventing shit. Not one of them assholes who got money by grabbing it from others. I've grabbed plenty of shit in my time but it's never been my preferred way of life. 	

I'm probably not telling this story right cuz I'm supposed to be making you like me. I probably sound like I didn't care that my family got blown to smithereens. If I could tell this story in the voice of that little kid back then I might tell it different. We see who we were through the eyes of who we've become. Nowadays I don't give a fuck about anything. I had lots of good memories back then but that's all gone now. Things changed that day and I became someone else. Well one of me did anyway. There's another version of me that maybe became that nice guy you were hoping to meet. But really he ain't so nice neither.



[John]

My name is John. This document might be the world's first unauthorized autobiography. More precisely, it's an adversarially collaborative autobiography. Firebird is another version of me who exists in a timeline we call the Epoxyclypse. I live in a timeline we call Tomorrowmorrowland. You don't have to believe it. I'm not sure I believe it. We can tell you what we've experienced. You can call it autobiography, fiction, or hallucination.

Firebird and I were once the same person. We were born in Pennsylvania. The 70s were crazier than most people realize. In New York City between 1969 and 1970, a bomb went off every other day. One time Nixon was drunk, Brezhnev was high on sleeping pills, and they almost started a nuclear war. Almost.

I now know that another version of me really did live through World War III. It's been said if a butterfly flaps its wings in a certain way, it can cause a tornado. A butterfly flew right in my world, wrong in Firebird's world, and nothing's been the same since. 

When I was a kid, my family canceled a trip to Australia so my dad could accept a job offer in Texas. Firebird's dad turned the job down and his family took the trip. His family died and he got stuck there. I acquired a Texas accent. He acquired an Australian one. My world went on to experience the greatest successes humanity has ever seen. His world burned.
