[Firebird]

Wasteland Weekend? Spoiled motherfuckers. My life is not your theme park.

You fuckers with your anxiety and your depression. The impala overcomes its chronic fatigue syndrome as the lion approaches. I'm a goddamn impala every goddamn day. You don't know how good you have it. Clean water. Enough food to make everyone obese. Airplanes. Skyscrapers. Cell phones. The motherfucking internet.

It had been a year since my girlfriend had last seen "me" but 11 years since I'd last seen her. I figured I'd never see her again. Sure I'd been with other girls but you never forget the first girl who tries to murder you. Any girl can tell you you're a sociopath but I missed hearing it from Skelli because she always said it in such a colorful way.

I hadn't traded places with John since the last Gathering. I had no idea if it would happen again this year.

One good thing that came from meeting John was getting a chance to see them little phone computers they have in Tomorrowmorrowland. When I was there I did some research and got heaps of ideas for ways to improve the Firebuddy. I'd painstakingly built ten more of them by hand to sell at this year's Gathering.

The Firebuddy wasn't as small as the little phones in Tomorrowmorrowland but you could carry it around in a backpack if you were sufficiently motivated. You could hook it up to a TV set and typewriter and a walkie talkie and bam not only would you have your own computer but you'd be on a motherfucking network that didn't use any wires. It used a lot of power so it was expensive to run. But hell you could power it with a bicycle if you wanted. Now that I'd seen them phones I knew for sure I was on the right track.

At the Gathering I made a point to park in the same spot as I had the year before. I figured maybe that spot was a portal to another dimension or something.

It worked. Me and John traded places again.

We figured out that it wasn't the spot that was magic. The magic happened any time we occupied the same space. The Gathering and Wasteland Weekend both happened at the same place in the California desert and we'd both chosen the same parking spot.

Being a pair of clever cunts we immediately started using this newfound superpower to our advantage.
 
This time we spent more time in each others' worlds. I could tell John felt bad about what he did to me and Skelli because when I returned from partying at Wasteland I discovered that John had spent his time bringing out the glory of the Firebuddy.

John didn't have to think up the ideas himself. He just reimplemented ideas that were successful in his timeline. On day one of the internet we were gonna be bigger than Microsoft and Apple and Facebook combined. Those are some really successful companies for those those of you who don't know. 

There would be some competition. The whole network would be free and you could build whatever you wanted on it. But only we had a foolproof way of picking the winners. Everyone else would have to use trial and error. We'd be Google and you'd be Ask Jeeves. I don't know what that means either but that's how John described it.

John built a "social network" called You Are Awaited that would let you stay in touch with friends and make new friends too. But the social network was nothing compared to the other thing that he did.

John designed a "cryptocurrency" and a "mining" program that would let the Firebuddy print its own money. It would create Firebucks out of nothing but electricity and maths. Everyone who bought a Firebuddy would have an instant revenue stream. The Firebuddy would pay for itself.

The best part was that John gave my Firebuddy a massive head start on generating Firebucks so that I'd be the richest person on the planet. I'd have literally all the money in the world and you'd be super excited about pedaling your bike for an hour to get a 20 cent piece. Hell 20 cents is better than no fucking cents so fuck you. Yes I am making the world a better place no matter what you say.

This would only work if I could get everyone to accept Firebucks. The only way I'd get everyone to accept Firebucks would be if everyone had some Firebucks to spend. The only way everyone would have a few Firebucks to spend would be if everyone had a Firebuddy.

So step one would be selling the first ten Firebuddies. 

It should have been easy to sell a box that produces money and friends. But the thing would only really be useful if lots of other people had boxes too. No one was buying.

I was going to have to advertise. I decided to go see the cunt that ran the local paper. Bloke by the name of Deadline.

I pulled up in front of his tiny office building in my rumbling V8. Deadline popped his head out to get a look at my badass car. I strutted up to him confidently and introduced myself. 

"How many eyeballs does your paper reach?" I asked.

"Eight thousand" he said. He was still gawking at my car.

"That's over four thousand people" I replied. Perfect.

I tried to pitch him the idea of doing an article on the Firebuddy but he wasn't having it. He said he'd be happy to sell me an ad. But I'd gone all in on building ten of these fancy high tech boxes so I was totally broke. I had nothing to offer.

Except.

Fuck.

I was 100% sure the Firebuddy could change the world. The question was would other people realize that too? Was I willing to bet everything?

The reward was worth the risk. 

No way I was gonna sell my car. But what I would do was bet my car.

I told Deadline he could have my car if he gave me an ad in every paper from now until forever. But if he ever wanted to publish a story about the Firebuddy he'd have to give me that car back.

Today it was small enough to need advertising. Tomorrow it would be big enough to be news.

We shook on it. I handed him the keys.

I wrote down the ad copy:

MAKE MONEY
FIND LOVE
TRUST THE ALGORITHM
GET YOUR FIREBUDDY TODAY

That night I slept under the stars on top of a pile of Firebuddies.



I sold five.

The Gathering was coming to an end. I was fucked.

Nah I'm just fucking with you. I thought I was fucked until I figured out what to do with the other five Firebuddies.

I had John research the lives of our five customers' doppelgangers in his timeline to see if they had friends or spouses or whatever in Tomorrowmorrowland that they didn't have in Epoxyclypse. I gave away the last five boxes to those people in my timeline. They all got in touch with each other on the social network and of course they hit it off and then I had five pairs of happy people that were shouting about the Firebuddy from the rooftops.

If I'd had a door Deadline would have knocked it down to get an interview with me. Instead he just showed up and gave me back my car. He'd even washed the thing and put new tires on it. That guy was a real class act. 

Now I had an article in the paper and people were leaving the Gathering and fanning out in every direction telling the world what a great thing the Firebuddy was. I frantically took orders and tried to put together a gang of smart cunts that I could pay to build the next heap of Firebuddies for me.



On my way out I stopped in to say goodbye to Deadline. He wasn't there. His office was trashed. His boss was there. A guy called The Swede. He told me Deadline had gone missing.

I looked around. There were "clues" all over. An unpublished article about the weird sex practices of a local tribe. Photos connected nonsensically by strings on a bulletin board. A Twinkie on a chair. None of it made any sense but I promised Swede I'd do whatever I could.
