SETTING

Australia, in an alternate timeline where the apocalypse happened around 1982. This is set 25 years after that, so around 2007. Society is slowly being rebuilt but there is no government. There will be homages to Mad Max movies (characters, outfits, cars) but it's not clear if we're in the same universe as Mad Max or not.

ACTORS/OUTFITS/CAMERA OPERATORS

Firebird - John, but in his 30s, no beard, no cowboy hat yet, no leather jacket yet. Knit hat.

Mad Skelli - Kelli but age 20 or so.

Mohawk Asshole - Steve Scholz. Mohawk Asshole is violent and unhinged but has somewhat sympathetic motives, at least for hating Firebird. Firebird stole Mohawk Asshole's car 25 years before and is still driving it in this movie. Mohawk Asshole probably stole the car from someone else in the first place but he's still pissed.

Fake Cop (still uncasted, Michael Lehmann maybe?) - Like rogue cop from MM2, face covered, helmet, sunglasses. I will have most of this outfit with me but not the helmet. This character could also be any other bad guy, but needs to not be seen as a sympathetic character because he will be killed. So it's better if he doesn't even have a face. He's friends with Mohawk Asshole.

Messenger Kid (still uncasted) - Mysterious skinny guy, with short brown hair and passable for a young man. We won't see his face or hear his voice.

Guard/Extra (still uncasted, 1/2 hour) - Someone tough looking, with a cool outfit, who will be on camera for a couple seconds at the beginning.

Extras? - Extra cars and characters can appear briefly in the first scene if they want to be in the movie, creating a more bustling atmosphere at the location that Messenger Kid and Firebird leave from.

Camera Operators (whoever is available, flexible time contributions).

VEHICLES

Firebird's car (Interceptor provided by Michael Lehmann?) - Any very cool old muscle car. The black MFP holden would be fine. Interceptor would be perfect! Just nothing with police lights on top.

Fake Cop's car/motorcycle (Griffin car provided by Michael Lehmann or an MFP car?) - Some type of fast old vehicle for Fake Cop to chase Firebird with, preferably with police lights and sirens like a former MFP car.

Messenger Kid's clunker (need a car for this) - Any old car that could be reasonably portrayed as slow.

Mohawk Asshole's broken down car/motorcycle (Iron Cross car provided by Michael Lehmann?) - Some type of old vehicle for Mohawk Asshole to have trouble getting started. A busted up old police car would be ideal. This car will not move in this film. It just needs to be placed as part of a roadblock.

PROPS

Gun-looking pipe(s). Plastic ok as long as it can pass for a gun barrel from a distance. Or one metal, one plastic, interchangeable depending on scene, both looking the same from a distance. I will bring this.

Book. How To Win Friends And Influence People. I will bring this.

Ketchup for blood. I will bring this.

Plastic wrap to cover camera lens with ketchup. I will bring this.

Telescope. I will bring this.

Sunglasses. Fake Cop will wear them, and we will break them and put them on the ground to symbolize he's been killed.

LOCATIONS

Anywhere that might pass for post-apocalyptic or Mad-Max-like. Ideally on dirt roads or actual Mad Max shooting locations.

STILL PHOTOS

I will take a couple still photos of each actor in their outfit at the shooting location. These will be used at the end of the video to make fake online profiles for You Are Awaited missions, for use in screen capture demonstrations of how the website works. If actors want to write the text of their profiles, they can, otherwise I will make some silly stuff up. For the names on the profile I will use the characters' names from this script.

SCRIPT

SCENE 1. MOST SHOTS ARE FROM FIREBIRD'S POV OR A POV OF A CAMERA THAT IS CLOSE TO FIREBIRD. WE ARE AT "EXOTIC TRAVELS," A PLACE THAT SELLS A BOAT TICKET THAT FIREBIRD HAS JUST PURCHASED. NOW FIREBIRD NEEDS TO GET BACK HOME. BUT HE KNOWS THERE'S A ROADBLOCK OUT THERE.

Firebird sees Messenger Kid getting in his slow car and heading in the direction of the roadblock.

FIREBIRD: How does Messenger Kid get through the roadblock?

GUARD/EXTRA: (Scoffs, refuses to answer, walks away)

Firebird quickly decides to follow Messenger Kid, hoping to emulate whatever trick Messenger Kid uses to get through the roadblock. Firebird sees Messenger Kid come up on Mad Skelli on the side of the road hitchhiking. Firebird has not yet met her. Messenger Kid stops. Firebird stops too and watches them from a distance, with telescope (use very zoomed-in camera to simulate POV shot then wide camera angle when he takes telescope away). Camera also watches from a distance. Messenger Kid lets the girl into his slow car and she hides in the back seat. Messenger Kid takes off and continues toward the roadblock. Firebird follows. Roadblock is two police vehicles. One facing toward Firebird/Messenger Kid and one facing away. Two people beside the cars. Fake Cop and Mohawk Asshole. Mohawk Asshole is reading How To Win Friends And Influence People. Closeup on cover. When we hear Messenger kid's car, he looks up and camera moves up or backs up to show his mohawk and then his face. When Messenger Kid gets there they just wave him by. Then they spot Firebird and start pointing and yelling and getting in their vehicles. Firebird freaks out and gets in and starts driving at them at top speed (or whatever speed we feel comfortable shooting at--camera angles will make it look fast anyway). Fake Cop's vehicle is facing Firebird, so initially he is going in the wrong direction. As Firebird passes, Fake Cop's sirens come on (siren sound can be added afterward if necessary). Fake Cop does a U turn and starts chasing Firebird. Mohawk Asshole gets out of his car because it won't start. Mohawk Asshole gets a good look at Firebird and his car. Closeup on his face.

MOHAWK ASSHOLE, POINTING: That's my car Little Shit!

FIREBIRD, OUT THE WINDOW: Attachment leads to suffering! 

Closeup as Mohawk Asshole expresses his frustration. Hiss or yell.

SCENE 2. MOST SHOTS ARE FROM FIREBIRD'S POV OR A POV OF A CAMERA THAT IS CLOSE TO FIREBIRD.

Firebird puts some distance between him and Fake Cop. But then Firebird catches up to Messenger Kid and Mad Skelli. Mad Skelli leans out the passenger window and points what looks like a gun at Firebird so he hits the brakes.

MAD SKELLI, OUT THE WINDOW: Lick my prickly flaps!

Firebird tries to get around them on the driver's side so she can't shoot him as easily. Messenger Kid cuts him off but loses control and slams on his brakes and goes off the road and "damages" his car (just a little bit of veering back and forth then pulling off the road, as quickly as the driver feels comfortable. We can make it more dramatic with sound effects and closeup camera angles on screeching tires.) Firebird laughs just as he runs out of gas and coasts to a stop. Firebird tries to keep turning the key (just to on instead of start will be fine for the shot. Sounds of attempting to start the car can be added later.) Firebird gets out and looks back. Messenger kid gets out and runs away back in the direction they just came. Mad Skelli gets out and confidently struts toward Firebird, holding a big piece of pipe.

FIREBIRD: That's not even a gun.

Mad Skelli swings and "hits" Firebird in the face. Swing should be fast but a few inches from Firebird's face. Pipe might also be plastic so less dangerous to use in the stunt. Camera angles will do the work. Could even be from Firebird's POV. Firebird's eyes and nose are now covered in ketchup. Firebird tries to run. 

MAD SKELLI: I'm gonna staple your yankee doodle dicksleeve to the floor!

Mad Skelli jumps on him and starts "punching" him. The stunt work will be done by camera angles and glancing or no-contact punching. Or just have Firebird's POV as she punches the camera and smears ketchup over it.

FIREBIRD (HARD TO DISCERN WORDS WHILE BEING PUNCHED): There's... asshole coming.... Need to stop fighting.... Need to start hiding. 

Mad Skelli hears the sirens or just the motor and Fake Cop's car comes over the horizon. Mad Skelli runs and hides, behind Messenger Kid's car if nowhere else to hide is available. Camera is now through Firebird's bloody eyes, camera has plastic wrap on its lens, with ketchup on it, and only fuzzy shapes can be seen. Story is told through sound. Sounds can be recorded and tweaked and perfected later if necessary but we'll try to get the sounds while we're there. Firebird hears the police vehicle come to a stop very close. The engine shuts off. The door opens. Footsteps. Then a ringing sound of the pipe hitting the cop's helmet or skull. Then another ringing sound. 

MAD SKELLI: Kiss my dirt button!

Then a crunching sound. Then the cop falls to the ground. Mad Skelli helps up Firebird and hands him an Australian flag bandana to clean off his face.

MAD SKELLI: Mad Skelli.

FIREBIRD: Firebird.

MAD SKELLI: Sorry, I thought you were a friend of my ex.

FIREBIRD: Who's your ex?

MAD SKELLI, POINTING AT DEAD GUY: Him.

Camera on ground, pointed at broken cop sunglasses on the ground, with ketchup on them. Cop body behind them, out of focus.

FIREBIRD: When did you break up?

MAD SKELLI: Just now.

FIREBIRD: Where you headed to?

MAD SKELLI: Not headed to. Headed away.

They both get into fake cop's car and drive off into the horizon. Presumably they'll bring back some gas for Firebird's car so they can take it back with them too, but no need to show that detail.
